three two one
hello Mike hey Joe hello pant pant Ellis
pant you call it pant pant pant Ellis
pant Ellis one one word yeah one word
like Roseanne or like Godzilla okay
cool all right dude well nice to meet
you guys well nice met you yeah but nice
to meet you
for people who don't know let's just
give them right off the bat your story
what happened to you how you got in
trouble in Canada for a joke yeah real
trouble yeah realtor I got fined $42,000
of Canadian American Canadian which was
like now close to 40 mm yeah yeah and it
was yeah let's say like 38 that was an
American and there's a thing in Canada
called the Human Rights Commission that
every province has one of those I had a
joke about um a little boy that was
famous he was a singer he was a disabled
boy and the the joke it wasn't even that
mean it was just this little kid that
was disabled and he was uh he was kind
of like a make-a-wish Foundation type
kid right and he was famous in Canada he
was famous in French Canada he had sang
for the Pope and the the joke was but
like I was super happy for him at first
this little deaf boy he's dying he his
dream was to sing for the Pope and then
he became like like front-page news on
you know everywhere Montreal and then he
got a record deal and he sang for the
Canadians then he came out with a book
and then at the end I was like why isn't
he dead yet like wasn't he supposed to
die that's just the right the base
system like he's a little dark joke yeah
yeah and like it's what I do is dark
humor like I'm not I'm not
Ray Romano right so I did that joke and
in never did that joke on TV did that
joke in a special that it didn't air on
TV I cut a couple of things out for TV
but I get a letter from the human rights
people saying you owe 80 at first it was
they wanted eighty two thousand for the
joke they were like we listened to the
joke we think that this boy's family
deserves eighty two thousand because of
this joke what a weird number yeah and I
thought I thought they were like
it dis how fucking stupid I am when I
got the letter and I saw human rights
commission I thought I was getting an
award or a prize or something because I
do I do a lot of benefits and suffered
for I raise money for disabled people so
I was like fuck it's a bad time they
recognize me as a good dude so I read
this and then I called my manager and
I'm like fuck they want 80,000 and we
were like okay let's just get the best
lawyer we can so I found the best lawyer
in Canada that does a free speech stuff
met him and he told me the reason why it
was 80,000 80,000 is a weird number like
if they ask two million you're gonna
fight it but 80,000 is big enough to
kind of scare you but not enough to
really scare you so you'll go like look
okay can I give you 40 and then they'll
go okay can I ask a question so this bit
you said you cut it from the special
right so how did they know about it it
was a I did this interview on TV and the
the reporter talked about the bit he had
never seen the bit also how did he know
about the bed someone told him about the
bit but the bit was in the special in
the special so it was on the Internet
also you could watch it yeah you could
watch it on the Internet and this
special had been in movie theatres in
Canada it's just when we sold it on TV
right is this in French running yeah it
was in French that's how it was weird
whenever people were talking about the
bit they were like it was especially in
Canada and in England where it's very
left-leaning people were were talking
shit about the bit and I was like you
you can't even understand that joke
that's in a language you don't speak
about a person you don't know so they
people almost made it look like I just
picked this random disabled boy and I
was making fun of his disability but I
was making fun of the fact that he had
become famous because everyone thought
he was dying and then he didn't die
which is a you know yeah it's a it's a
dark joke no it is not even that
particularly mean no it's a question
really you're not saying hey why don't
you die I spent money you little fuck
you can say that no you said how come
he's alive yeah exactly yeah and
when I did the the thing for TV I cut a
couple things out that I thought could
get me in trouble because I figured you
know when you put out a special and
people pay for the special you should be
allowed and I still think this and you
know this I think everyone should think
this way if like if you put out a
special you should be allowed to say
whatever the fuck you want to say but if
you sell your special to like CBS or ABC
then of course they're gonna cut shit
out of course but like your last special
on Netflix it would be crazy if Netflix
said look Joe we fucking loved your
special but this you got to cut this at
you got to cut welcome to Netflix credit
that's one of the reasons why they're so
amazing they don't give you hardly any
input at all there's to go hey we really
liked it it's like they don't do
anything yeah they you know I had some
controversial shit in this one in my
last one they just let it go that's much
appreciated yeah I was really happy when
I saw your last special I thought it was
the perfect thing to come back from
Nannette like the Hannah Gatsby special
that it's an important special but it's
not funny and and it's like it's almost
you know what it is it's her art right
yeah you caught the problem is we're
putting it in this box right
you're saying it's stand-up comedy but
if you do something and it has some
laughs in it and then it goes on this
this but by this journey biographical
journey of your life and your
observations and you say it in a way
that's meaningful and people still enjoy
it but it's not funny anymore it's still
I mean a lot of comics didn't like it a
lot of commas get upset and I was like
okay I get I get why you would say it's
not comedy but I don't get why you would
get upset because obviously people like
it like I don't get upset if people like
certain books or certain yeah songs that
like hey I have a good friend who likes
fish you know I mean I don't hate fish
but it's not my cup of tea
right it's not a bad that makes me upset
that your friends your friend likes 50
likes it's not it's not Jamie and I
don't nothing to get fish I just maybe I
need to listen to it hi maybe I need
Jamie says no it's not Jamie like that
that Chanukah
to be special like I really wanted to
watch it because I didn't want to be
some guy that listened wrote three
minutes said fuck you so I did listen to
it and I do get why it's like it's in
it's an important special and I think
it's good for what it is but it I didn't
like the fact that people were saying
this is comedy and time came out with
the list the most hilarious specials and
that was number one at a time when it's
like a diversity Olympia award yeah
whole thing is it's all very diverse
there's some funny people on it no doubt
but you can still like these list first
of all these lists are always weird
because like especially when you it's a
someone subjective opinion and there's
nothing wrong with that but it like who
the fuck are you like who's this seat
it's it's who is this person
I would like to see Chris Rock's list
yeah of top ten comedians or a top ten
comedy specials or you know someone like
that someone who's who I know who they
are I understand their thought process
maybe this person is a famous writer I
don't know that I don't know that
they're famous journalist I'd like to
see like Matt Taibbi 'he's like top ten
movies but it's like a certain tetes to
these top ten things he like says who
yeah so this is also subjective it's so
weird
yeah and the comment like the Nanette
thing is I need to watch it
I've only watched parts of it but my
reaction to it was my reaction to
everybody else's reaction so I'm like
what is going on here
either it's the most amazing thing ever
or it's some sort of an affront to
comedy yeah you know and either it gets
a bit of both well because I think it is
it's like it's it's I like a lot of
people were saying it's like a TED talk
and I think it kind of is
it's a funny TED talk nothing wrong with
that yeah there's nothing I mean this is
my point on all this it's like why do we
need these sort of parameters that
comedy has to stay in before we accept
it because it doesn't have to be your
kind of shit Yeah right for it to be
something that people enjoy obviously
someone enjoys it there's a lot of
people enjoying it because it's not
theirs some of those when they make
those lists were you like let's include
this person let's include that we got to
make sure we have X amount of women or X
amount you can see there's almost like
there's a thought process behind
creating these lists but some of those
people will appear on those lists over
and over
again so that means to me for sure
somebody loves that special like that
special is like number one on so many
people's list not just number two or
number three its number one a lot of
people's list so someone's enjoying it
so like what do I give a shit what does
anybody give a shit does my reaction is
my reaction of these comics that I look
up sadly what but why I remember why I
remember why they got mad it wasn't
because they were saying it's the number
one special is cuz she went on an
interview I think in Australia and said
if you're a comedian who only cares
about making people laugh then you
should stop doing comedy you shouldn't
be in show business they shouldn't see
you publicly you should give a message
right but I disagree with that strongly
but from her perspective what she's
trying to do it's like someone who's
really in a rock and roll like fuck rap
music I mean the rock in rock okay you
know that's what they're saying I mean
that's what she's saying she's doing it
in like a comedic form she's like you're
only an economy that makes people laugh
fuck you yeah yeah I'm in the deep
comedy bitch I mean there's nothing
brought luck one of my favorite all-time
stand-ups for sure is Mitch Hedberg and
Mitch Hedberg had all non sequiturs
nothing was there's no deep meaning to
any of it all of it was super silly and
still to this day like especially if I'm
in traffic I'll listen to that shit cuz
it's just so silly yeah you know he's
fucking it was amazing yeah but it's
just that is his expression and
everybody's expressions gonna be
different enough this is something I've
figured out over the course of my
letting get it right all the time when I
was young I was like you know I I hated
people that didn't swear and I was like
there's no way you talk like that for
real there's no way you talk like that
for real but then after a while I was
like why do I care do some of the best
ever don't swear like Jerry Seinfeld
didn't swear some of the best comedians
of all time is it's it's not even a
subjective question I mean or an opinion
like you you everybody knows it's one of
the best ever if you have a hundred
comedians that are the best ever Jerry
Seinfeld on yours that lists bullshit
yeah Brian Regan hilarious doesn't swear
it off you know like there's a lot of
great comics who just have their thing
like there's there's comics that have
puppets that are really funny like just
because you have a puppet doesn't mean
you're not really funny but for a lot of
comics folk games go to poker yeah it's
weird I'm not there yet like everything
else I was on board I was like George
yeah I don't George but but that was
almost making fun of the whole thing
Moses thing but and then I fucking love
that people get mad at him because he's
moved to see me tryin to hide it it was
just funny you know there was a there's
been a few really fun puppet acts you
know um I mean what cuz a shit do
whatever the fuck you like you know I
think that's a thing though when you're
in your 20s that anything that isn't
like what you do or you like is garbage
right yeah cuz I remember I was like
that too like a plus like that was I
think a thing about being in your 20s in
the 90s cuz we had just had you know
Kennison and and you know like Bill
Hicks and so if if you were doing like
like like Jeff Foxworthy where we were
judging you but we shouldn't like yeah
who gives a shit yeah Jeff Foxworthy
apparently is a nicest guy in the
history of the world yeah he looks nice
I don't know Larry the Cable guy's nice
as fuck
he's super sweet and he got super judge
- oh dude hard people went hard on him
Dave crossroad a crazy letter to him
like a letter from Dave the desk of days
cross it was for it was like
tongue-in-cheek but it's the idea was
that he was somehow or another promoting
racism I think that was what people that
said he's doing characters real name's
Dan Whitney yeah alright his character
is a really dumb guy who doesn't have
sleeves who's fucking hilarious and he's
a good character his character isn't
racist though it's not racist but you
know there's like these lands that like
there's once you run out of like really
high-profile targets that are actually
racist then you have to like find gangs
or clothes do that I don't know what
you're I don't like we say in there what
are you saying about Asian people like
don't do it don't you fucking do I mean
there's some there's some things you
could still get like there's some like
absolute realities that you
you can say right like you could say
Asian people in generally have higher
IQs and they're better at math as a fact
Joe that's a it's a solid fact you know
but if it goes the other way
yeah if it's positive right like I
always do it the thing about white
people is we are not as smart as Asians
see I could say that because I'm white
but if I was Asian
I was like white people are just not as
smart even though it's true like terms
of IQ tests and mathematics in
particular they're just fucking smarter
they're so so much smarter you know what
they're doing in Harvard yeah see this
shit they're they're making it more
difficult for Asian students to get into
Harvard there's a class-action lawsuit
because they've actually raised the
score levels that Asians have to achieve
because there's so many that's racism
that's actual racist racist super racist
it's fuckin racist but you don't hear
left-wing people progressive people
calling out that kind of racism because
because of the way of many Asian
cultures have sort of structured their
society people don't complain as much
and they work hard and they like fucking
put their nose to the grindstone and
they get going yeah and this is you know
it's part of their culture and so when
something like this happens there they
have to break out of those norms in
order to protest this really obvious
racism and because they really haven't
done that before
they'd just been sort of silently
working hard
however just decided you know it's too
many of you you fuckin smartypants Asian
folk
well a few people have Jordan Peterson
has sam harris has you know there's a
few recognized public minds i would you
know that were intellectuals such a
weird word right public intellectuals
but those guys are definitely public
intellectuals they they have these
long-form discussions i don't you ever
watch them on the internet they're doing
these debates together fascinating man
it's really fascinating especially
they're just they're discussions about
religion because Jordan is fairly
religious but he's got a really
interesting way of putting it he says he
he acts as if God is real there's not
that he believes in God but that he acts
as if God is real and he finds great
benefit to that which is very arguable
right and that Harris is like not buying
it at all and he's brilliant too so the
two of
together it's like wow this is this is a
fascinating it's like really cool
high-level conversation and you get to
sit in on you know the thing I like
about during Peterson I've noticed
whenever I watch his interviews he he
thinks like sometimes like if someone
asks him a question you'll see him stop
and think to really see you know where
he's gone
where it's like a dumb guy like me I
just start talking and I'm like I'll
eventually he knows exactly what he's
saying you know especially in regards to
like Marxist history and things that he
gets very upset about you know he gets
he's also he's having these
conversations like literally on a daily
basis going over a lot of these
grievances and a lot of the material he
talks about he's going over to a lot
he's got that shit bolted down and he
got in trouble too with the Human Rights
Commission and not Kerry oh yeah he got
in trouble because they were going to
force people to use compelled pronouns
and there was some weird language that
he didn't like about the way that could
enforce it or what they were asking
people to do and then it got to the
point where saying well we're talking
about made-up words now like it gets to
a certain point where people get look
people are fucking self-indulgent we all
know it we all know it and and but
there's also the other side of it says
well people also should be able to
express themselves as freely as you guys
get to do on stage why can't they do
that with their name or their gender or
you know whatever the fuck they want and
why do you care if it's it's so simple
to just say whatever the fuck they want
you to say you know it's just a name
right juror or all those there's except
but Jordan was like there's 78 different
ones now ya can't do this like this is
this is chaos and necessary like I'm
very Pro trans like I'm you can do
whatever the fuck you want to do but
it's the same as like on stage I can do
whatever the fuck I want to do on state
but that doesn't mean you have to come
see me yeah and it's the same thing if
you want to be called sir I don't even
know what the fuck that is so I'm
accidentally gonna call you her or him
you know that can definitely happen you
can't get upset at that no knows the
fucker it's it and plus like like it if
you get it wrong it's an accident right
yeah you know what there's a difference
between you being
stage because this is like a choice with
your life right you decided to be a
comedian there's an argument there right
and then the other side is well they
didn't have a choice they there they
feel compelled like they actually are of
the other gender and they their brain is
wired like the other gender and their
body just isn't what they're supposed to
have and it's fucking with their head
got it
okay I'm cool with that too you know
like i don't it's fine like as long as
you're not interfering with other
people's lives because of your choices
like if you're not you're not fucking
with me i don't have to do anything i
just call you she now okay yeah as long
as I know yeah I'm comfortable I'm why
would you bully someone on purpose you
know it's gonna fuck with them his
problem was that he didn't wanted to be
compelled because then he'd get in
trouble if you fuck up exactly exactly
and this is this is what he's talking
about
he has no problem calling a male who
transition to a female girl or she or
her but he's like you can't use these
you can't compel me to use these made-up
words because at a certain point when
these things get rolling they become
contests and they become this battle
it's an idea battle like which side are
you on and they try to win it's one of
the problems that I have with police
officers and in even the court system
that what happens when you get a
prosecutor and a defense attorney is
there's a contest going on and these
guys they're involved in this contest
multiple times a week with a bunch of
different cases and they're moving
things around all the time but they're
constantly trying to win this is what
they're trying to do when a cop pulls
you over and he gets you for something
he's trying to arrest you he's trying to
win like we're playing a game now you
know this is he's allowed to play this
game and this is what he's supposed to
do and you know he's got every right to
do it so he's gonna search your home and
he'll shoot your dog because you have
weed and this is where all this stuff
comes from it comes these this insane
justification for these ridiculous acts
comes from the fact you've been given a
set of rules in order to participate in
this game but the game you know when it
comes to like things like compelled
pronouns and if it comes to like pushing
the envelope further and further and
further at a certain point in time you
can't say no you you can't make up a new
language okay agreed okay you can't
begin to build at length
I can't I don't have to learn you know
fuckin Mikey language in PD language and
Tommy like so let's just agree on the
words we we knows how many different new
words do you have boil them down to one
get back to me if you want to call it a
trans person or a queer person you want
to call Missouri is everybody agree
zhe are zhe are oh that's a new thing
yeah good I don't give a fuck but don't
say I gotta go to I'll go to jail or you
can bring me in front of a trial or some
tribunal some fucking tribal council
what are you gonna do you're gonna bang
drums and decide if I've uh turd the
wrong phrase but who are these guys to
judge also because Mike didn't tell you
but one of the judges on that tribunal
who was saying oh we hear a piece of
shit for making fun of a kid after that
was found to have kiddie porn he was
some kind of child molester he was
judging that he was too shitty to a kid
there were two people at the Human
Rights Commission in Quebec there were
one of them was the president that had
to resign that he had paid off a
thirteen-year-old girl like fifteen
years ago to not tell anyone that he had
had sex with her and another one I think
he had had sex with uh it was a six year
old like it was aa fucking crate but
these motherfuckers that that's what I
hated these these people were telling me
okay you're you did a joke onstage and
that's all and you're intent that's what
people forget oftentimes yeah in my
intent wasn't to hurt this little kid my
intent was to make people laugh yeah but
these guys their intent was to put their
dick inside of a child that's fuckin and
they judged him and they judged me he's
fucking crazy
well hypocrisy knows no bounds and and
and I think you know anybody that's
doing anything like that that's just a
sickness that yeah incomprehensible
these fucking guys man
so they put you through some shit like
you yeah went through this for a long
time like my my lawyer went when I first
met my lawyer I told him he was like
look they want you to settle and he goes
I could I could get it reduced get a
reduce of like 20 grand and I was I told
him I said if I do that I'm fucking
everyone it's like any comic in Canada
is gonna be fuck because I'm gonna set
this weird precedent so I told him I was
like I'd rather give you a hundred
thousand
of them five so then but he told me he
was like we can't win the because I
didn't go to court I went to the Human
Rights Tribunal I was judged by the
Human Rights Tribunal and the Human
Rights Commission was bringing me there
so is me versus them judged by them so
he told me you're definitely gonna lose
Suzu kangaroo court yeah but he said you
see he said then we'll appeal and the
government will probably accept the
listen to the the case again and then he
goes then you'll win that and but so I
said yes I was like look I have to do
this and I'm out I loved rocky and there
was something weird about I was like
this is like fucking Rocky - I'm gonna
be the champ so but so then like I was
something really weird happen to me
though is I didn't I didn't think it'd
affect me this much because when I was
in court and I saw this kids family
fucking crying and I was like holy fuck
okay these people really took this shit
seriously and I felt it was weird cuz my
joke my intent was to make people laugh
in this kid I'm fucking nothing against
this kid like that I don't I don't I
don't not like him I don't you know but
then to see that they took this this
seriously and then that how the media
was portraying me like the the on in I
did a series of shows in Edinburgh and
there's a newspaper in Montreal the
wrote Mike ward mike Ward is getting
rich off of this little boy and I was
doing shows in Edinburgh that no makes
money there like I was playing like a
200-seat theater and I was like oh these
fuckers are making me look like I'm
becoming rich because of this little kid
you became a target yeah and then
clickbait that's how they get people to
pay attention and I didn't think it'd
affect me but the thing that I think the
reason why it did affect affect me is if
all you get is hate you can block hate
out it's super easy to block a doubt and
all error if all you get is love that's
easy too but I was getting hate and love
so so I'd be like you know I wouldn't
let the hate in but then someone had
show me love so I'd open up and then the
hate had come in and it was just so
fucking weird and I was
googling myself too much so I'd be like
no I fee I'd be like oh fuck okay
there's an article about me in in Russia
and then I google translate to see that
I'm a piece of garbage so it was weird
and then I just saw I I chose weren't
fun anymore so I was doing shows and
because people were like I'd get these
weird hecklers and I was like I don't I
didn't like comedy anymore and this the
only thing I've ever done my whole life
this the only thing I've ever loved like
I don't have kids cuz of comedy cuz I
was like I know I I'm not the type of
person like like you're good at
organizing your life if I had kids I'd
like the the way live my life I'd be a
horrible father so I never had kids
because of that and then I was like fuck
the only thing I liked I don't like
anymore and now I don't have kids weird
but that yes so I went through this how
hard did it take to get out of the funk
I took about a year and a half
Wow and I told like I didn't have like I
make a good living but I'm in Canadian
comics so I make Canadian comic money
like so so I had money I I had money to
pay like it's cost me 150 so far in
lawyer fees I'm so far it's Lauren yeah
it's ongoing
cuz now the appeal is uh the appeals
gonna be cheap though it's gonna be like
only a couple thousand but and I love
that I had I had Bruce Hills from Just
for Laughs that organized the benefit
for me Bruce is the best fucking person
he raised about 20 I had a GoFundMe to
raise 30 so I paid a hundred grand and
then I had 50 I had people helping me
and that pretty much got rid of all my
savings so I told my manager I didn't
like doing shows anymore so I was like
book me the minimum amount of shows that
I can you know I can pay my bills cuz my
like I've you know my wife doesn't work
so I was he'd booked me like a week of
shows and so three weeks out of the
month I was going through this weird
depression one week out of the month
I was doing shows pretending like
everything was okay and that took like
maybe a year a year and a half of me
going through this really really weird
weird funk but the thing that was
good eye I don't meditate but I'd spend
my days in the bath like I'd just be
like lying down in the bath just staring
at the ceiling drinking wine like I was
drinking wine in my bathtub all day like
at least more hours a day Wow and then
and I could feel like I like what you
never know like when you're in a weird
funk where the bottoms gonna be
but once you start going back up then
you know okay I'm getting out of this
and then when I started feeling better
like I was like okay I'm feeling better
a little better a little better and then
like six I've been out of it like six
months ago
I called my manager six months ago and I
was like okay I'm back book this this
this I gotta get you know you know I got
to get some money again well has the new
cycle in Canada gone away from it yeah
definitely so that helps too yeah yeah
definitely like people have found new
things yeah this is a thing like people
whenever people go after you you it
affects you and you remember and then
two weeks later people don't even
remember mmm even people that I had this
woman that she had written me on my
facebook like this 60-year old woman
that her facebook profile is her with a
cat and you know you know the clouds and
a sweet old lady and she'd written I'm
happy your mom died because if she was
still alive she'd she'd kill herself
seeing what her son has become and I was
like oh you fuck a bitch but I started
like I go to her page I kept on going to
her page now and like a about a month
ago I did an interview and she shared it
and she was like oh like like I was a
good person again I was like this crazy
bitch yes probably a medication doesn't
remember ever saying that to you and
what's even crazier is I keep going back
to her page fuck she's on the fucking
Roseanne type adderall
she's probably whacked out of her head
on something you know who knows what
she's on and alcohol really helped like
I know it's not good but alcohol really
helped and so you recommend it recommend
it if you're because it's a depressant
but it's it's a number it's better to be
sad and drunk than just sad
interesting yeah and but I knew like and
now I still drank but I drank like my
way less way less I was drinking like I
wasn't I was drinking maybe like four
four or five maybe six twenty six ounces
a week like I was drinking almost a full
bottle of vodka every day that would be
impressive but yesterday jake the snake'
was on he's not an eighty mile drive
with Andre the Giant like 48 beers yeah
no I that's fucking crazy
and he did forty eight beers so yeah no
no I was a lot of wine though man yeah
and the fact that you just sitting in
the tub just that's uh and you're
diabetic right I'm sorry Betty you're
not supposed to be drinking why are you
oh there aren't that many carbs in wine
like not that much sugar but that's you
know much but you're drinking it all day
yeah yeah no but that's why I switched a
vodka good mood yeah don't start
thinking about my health yeah get it
organic just make sure it's organic
you'll be fine
exactly yeah so um do they give you a
time where you have to finish this thing
like where it's gonna go by I just got
those many years ago right what yester
this uh this is a joke I wrote in 2009
and I did in a special that was from
2010 or I did a tour 2010 to 2012 so
this is a super old joke and what's
fucked up defending something that you
wrote ten years ago like people were
like what were you thinking when you
wrote that joke and I'm like I don't
know what the fuck I was like not even
yeah and some one guy told me he was
like you know you can't say things like
that anymore nowadays and I was like I
know like what that joke ten years ago
ten years ago we used to do say shit
there was way fucking meaner than that
yeah there's some funny dark jokes ya
know I always bring up his Brian
Holtzman bit that he did right after
dinner that Susan Smith lady that
drowned her kids do you remember yeah
some crazy shit they found this lady
like drove her car into the river and
just drowned her kids did it on purpose
and it's like right after it happened
Brian Holtzman goes on stage the comedy
story goes ladies and gentlemen I heard
those are bad kids they set that close
to the TV they never put away
the constantly spilling in milk those
kids will not be missed and everybody's
like oh shit it was so ridiculously mean
and funny at the same time and people
have to understand that that's you're in
a nightclub
people are drinking yeah you are a loud
freedom of expression it is fun these
aren't bad people Holtzman's not a bad
person you're not a bad person you're
bad people these are people that are
doing a certain type of art form and
here's what's weird this type of art
form when you do we say mean shit that
you don't really mean for whatever
reason you can't do that because you're
a guy on stage and it's too much like
you're actually saying it but if you
were saying it at a movie if you're
playing it'll be fine be fine
yeah you're playing a mean fucking
villain characters saying awful shit in
a movie everybody would be like yeah
Samuel Jackson's a great guy he didn't
really kill that guy over a cheeseburger
like that I mean that was just his
character did that he's a murderous
monster right he's screaming Bible
vengeance by believers and then fucking
shooting this dude but nobody has a
problem with that because it's Samuel
Jackson's obviously an actor and Pulp
Fiction was a movie we don't have any
confusion here second Santa file yeah
yeah in the movie oh yeah yeah yeah
there's something that's fucked up about
Canada though there's a makeup artist
named Amy quit sir he's uh say that five
times yeah that's like the GSP of makeup
artists but he's yeah yeah he he does
like horror makeup and he did this movie
sort of like just a like a demo of what
he can do it was a short film where he
had this little kid and he murdered the
kid he didn't actually murder the kid
and uh the and then he put that out on
the internet with you know his name at
the end and the whole who played who and
some fucking weirdo in Germany saw this
and thought it was real called Interpol
Interpol called the Montreal cops
Montreal police went to remain cujo's
house to arrest him for murder and then
he said no but the kid they were like we
saw the video and he goes yeah but the
the kid see the Kin in the video he's my
neighbors so they went to meet the the
murder victim which was a little kid
neighbor and they saw he was alive and
they still they they took him they took
him to court because they said what he
did inside
violence that's and and he and and hit
everyone told him they were like you're
gonna win for sure cuz this is just
stupid but the thing is he had to defend
himself he had to go to court and he had
to and when you win a court case like
that like if it costs you thirty fifty
eighty thousand to defend yourself the
government doesn't give you your money
back and that's a stoop like my case I
find it is kind of stupid but his case
is fucking retarded because no one ever
kills someone films it and then has
third end credits ya know it's well if
they did now they'll do it because yeah
I said no one ever does yeah I would
like to point you to a pot yes with Mike
Warren clearly showed some fucking
established he's like challenge accepted
this is why Jordan Peterson was so
adamant but that that bill was dangerous
and that would be bad for everybody in
bad for free speech when we look at it
America I think we have a distorted
perception because I don't think we
totally understand your system of
government when it comes to censorship
because you guys don't have freedom of
expression the way we do in America
what's fucked up to about being Canadian
is since all of our TV and all of our
movies are American like the first thing
I asked my lawyer I was like what about
the what about the First Amendment
he was like yeah we don't we don't have
it I was like no I know we don't I know
we're not America but we must have like
the Canadian version of that and he was
like no there's not like like people all
over the world that talk shit about the
states the states is the only place in
the world that speech is protected by
law yeah you can still get in trouble by
saying shit you can still get protesters
you see Michelle wolf Duncan the
president today no no she dunked on
Trump dude she's Donald Trump talk shit
about her saying that she bombed so hard
last year at the White House press
Correspondents Dinner which
unfortunately for him we've all seen the
video and she didn't bomb yeah at all in
fact she killed she had some funny shit
and so he wrote today that she bombed so
hard they're now gonna bring someone
like they're not gonna do comedy anymore
they're gonna bring in an author here it
is yes so-called comedian Michelle
warwolf
I'm so badly asked here in the White
House Correspondents Dinner that this
year for the first time in decades it
will have an author instead of a
comedian
good first step to comeback with dying
evening and tradition exclamation point
maybe I will go question mark she writes
I bet you'd be on my side if I had
killed a journalist hashtag best
well guess she's got two hundred and
ninety seven thousand seven hundred
sixty nine likes sixty-four thousand one
hundred sixty nine retweets one of which
is mine little that she's hilarious
she's she's a savage and he's that's
silly what he did was silly you can't
say someone but but he does I mean
that's his new right just it doesn't
have to be real but you shouldn't say
someone bombed when we can watch the
fact that it didn't bomb yeah you pull
it up at any time you want
oh she can say that though cuz since the
the people that have seen it no she
didn't bomb but the people that didn't
see it now they think she don't think it
matters I think in the mag of mindset
okay if you had a mag of mindset it
would be you don't need any reality
other than reality they all decide upon
and you press forward with fucking
hashtags and American flags and red and
white hats and you just keep moving you
just keep moving and eventually what
you're doing is you're like hacking the
news cycle because the news cycle is
just so everything lasts a day maybe two
days four days say no he's a fuck about
stormy Daniel stop talking about story
it's over like that's what's going on I
mean that's it's and they've kind of
figured that out
sort of an odd way like even him with a
stormy Dana's thing you still talk about
it it'll go away it's going away not
only that like the fucking lawyer now he
got charged with domestic violence the
lawyer for stormy day yeah yeah yeah the
guy who was gonna run for president now
he got charged with domestic violence
and check out a restraining order
it's over baby so he like you just keep
moving all they do is just keep moving
just keep moving and eventually it good
like this like yeah obviously she didn't
bump he could say she did and even she'd
dunk to him keep moving just given it to
nothing ever sticks because he's caught
a wave like this is the new cycle so
crazy everything so crazy there's
nothing stationary that we call can
examine for long periods of time
everything's just moving everything is
just constantly moving this there's no
stability
it's
him in the white house he knows there's
no stability because he actually got to
be the president yeah he figured shit
like he treats everyone like a comic
treats hecklers yes and he's and people
that that say that he's stupid he's he's
so smart like he figured yeah he figured
all this shit figured out that all the
protocol that was established in the
fucking 1800s and early 1900s that
doesn't mean anything anymore you know
this is not Harry Truman yeah this is
this is not George Washington
this is 2018 there's porn everywhere ok
oxycontin's are killing people and no
one's talking about it cigarettes are
killing people no politician ever brings
up the fact half a million people die
every year in this country just from
cigarettes shut the fuck up keep moving
and then you know he said he had that
little Jeff Sessions a little munchkin
working for him forever which is saying
that good people don't smoke marijuana
like the whole thing's chaos he knows
it's chaos because he's the top guy you
imagine being the top guy and something
as insane as like the United States
governmental system and seeing of the
lobbyists and special interest groups
and all the money and all the fucking
cast in Saudi Arabia's cutting up
journalists and you got to keep your
mouth shut it's fucking madness and he's
the top madman no wonder why he tweets
shit like this he knows there's no rules
so crazy it's a fall apart at any minute
it's so fucking wacky I was watching
today him pardoning a turkey I don't
know why you guys still do this kind of
crazy shit but he was probably tweeting
about Jim Acosta being a fag and then
turns around and goes this Turkey good
turkey he came here illegally let him
it's so stupid what did he do with that
Turkey he just he just decided the
turkey gets to live yeah what happens to
those yeah for sure yeah
you're we're gonna eat you for Christmas
yes so the idea that that would be a
thing is so fucking stupid we're gonna
decide one turkey one turkey is a good
Turkey yeah and it was like save it save
it nope out with the axe psyche I was
just kidding put his head on a log chunk
people freaked out but you know I was
gonna kill a turkey yeah why were you
upset that I'm killing this Turkey yeah
but it's all insane here yesterday he
tweeted he said some I believe Saudi
Arabia may have been behind that koshish
eggie murder like did you just figure
that out
is he a detectives it took this long
everybody knew well okay let's examine
that you say everybody knew right yeah
how much do you really know only what
Turkey told us only what they everybody
tells you yeah I'm not I'm not saying
now that shit kidding conspiracy
theories but anyone who says they know
what happened like Jesus the only people
that know what happened are the people
that did it and then the people who
think they know what happened to the
people that are examining it and then
the people that are reading third fourth
fifth six hand about what happened we're
just talking shit you know oh they
killed him are you sure okay I'm sure
this is what I'm sure I'm sure if you
stare at the Sun it burns your eyes
right I just tried it I have a lot of
people have done it yeah I'm sure you
know I'm sure that if you like dead
trees up on fire
they becomes a wild fire it's very
dangerous I'm sure of that that's real
who killed that guy I'm sure someone
killed him they're all admitting they
killed him pretty sure that pretty sure
she said pretty sure I don't really know
right because weren't they saying that
they had the Turkish government had
recordings mm-hmm but they didn't want
to share them publicly cuz they didn't
want the other embassies knowing how
they record embassies because you're not
supposed to exactly so that's what they
said I'm supposed to but I think they
probably all do it yeah yeah thanks
definitely well apparently there's
there's video and audio is what I read
but I don't know if that's true
fuck do I know but wouldn't you want to
say oh they killed him they fuckin kill
them said they there is an audio tape
but he wasn't gonna hear it because he
didn't want to hear it still he didn't
need to yeah you know what man that
brings me back to that movie Grizzly Man
remember Grizzly Man they had audio the
guy got eaten by a grizzly bear lived
with grizzly bears forever
everybody's like this guy's gonna get
eaten and then one day gets eaten and
along the way have you ever seen a
documentary no it's a Warner Herzog
movie it's one of the greatest
unintentional comedies of all time it's
really good okay
what get lit and watch it you're gonna
fucking love it it's a guy who is
there's something wrong with them and
right away like you you start making
judgments like is he gay I think he's
gay I think he's gay and he's fighting
it and one of the ways he fights it he
goes and lives in the forest I'm not
bullshitting he didn't
get the term bears no he's saving bears
me somebody's so effeminate and he
brings his fucking camera and he's
walking through the forest he goes I
wish it was just gay but I'm not gay if
I was gay then I would just go meet a
guy at a truck stop or something but I'm
not gay
so it's like what you're walking around
by themselves in the woods surrounded by
bears go well if I was just gay it would
be so easy
I do hear how you're saying it like the
stereotypical gay voice is one of the
weirdest things because there's like not
a single masculine heterosexual male who
uses that speech pattern like that
speech pattern is exclusive to gay men
yeah like I'm not gay whatever here we
go like this is a speech pattern that we
associate with homosexuals and you know
you could say someone's prejudiced but
you look you know it's true you know
that's true you know you hear someone
talking and saying homosexual type
things in that voice you love it sounds
like a gay guy have you ever had I had a
friend come out of the closet to me and
the whole time he was coming out I was
like oh shit I'm gonna have to pretend
like I'm surprised because he was like
look I got it I was like yeah it's weird
it's weird yeah well you know what's and
what it's weird is any discussion of it
is Dean homophobic some homophobic at
all no problem with being gay but it is
weird that some percentage whether it's
10% 20% whatever the number is of gay
guys talk gay they're adorable you know
they say gay fans they snap their
fingers just in Martindale's good friend
of mine gays fuck loves it swings you
know he swings when he walks she sashays
as he walks into a room he's hilarious
too fucking funny stand-up comic but
he's he you know he will take on those
kind of vocal affectations you know
negative there's a comic in Montreal
he's a good friend named John Saint
Godard he's a gay guy but gay audiences
don't like him because he's a guy guy
like he's from a small town in in
Manitoba or whatever
so gay people don't like him cuz he
Muriel cuz he's he's a guy guy and then
we were talking last summer and I was
like you should do a show and call it no
gays allowed because whenever he has gay
people it always goes wrong cuz they get
angry
that's so weird he's a guy guy but he's
gay and they get mad but here's what's
funny if he was a guy guy but he was
straight they'd probably want to turn
him yeah he should pretend to be a
straight guy that's like really easy to
turn buddy of mine who was a makeup
artist super good dude who's gay as fuck
and he was only telling me about these
he would do air tag straight guys that
would suck give me details look great
what is going on what's going on they
like it they get a thrill out of turning
guys but I don't think that turn any
yeah I had a friend that used to when I
first moved to Montreal
we he'd be like let's go to a gay bar
cuz a lot of women go there cuz they
don't want to get hit on and then he was
like we'll just pretend like we're gay
and we'll try to have sex with the lady
for the first time I mean he was really
good at it because he was like super
thin so he did look like a gay guy but I
just looked like a fucking weird weird
fucking chubby straight guy don't go no
gay bar like gay guys built like you
yeah but I'm always surprised when ever
I see chubby gay guys right don't
relieve I don't believe they're really
gay cuz I'm like okay I'm a dude and I
wouldn't fuck someone shaped like that
mmm interesting yeah maybe yeah maybe I
just have different genes they see it
differently I don't know something about
them is attracted to someone who has got
a lot of natural resources stored and
again you know what if it gets really
cold out this guy's gonna stay alive he
could keep me warm he'll protect me
fucking me hang on to him yeah did you I
don't know if you were doing any archery
today but did you see that tribe this
morning I saw a video we were talking
about right before the podcast about the
the guy in India who's trying to convert
them apparently Jamie was saying and
they shot him full of arrows with one of
the last uncontacted tribes in the world
but what a doofus would you think was
going to happen
right Jamie said the guy's been there
before right do you say that so they
knew him though the guy why don't the
people that kill them knew him wouldn't
they say this between fifty and a
hundred people on this island I believe
see if you can get a good article on it
set the number so there's like 50 or 50
to 150 people they don't exactly know
and they they came there just say from
it's the size of Manhattan Sand Island
and they came there from Africa like
what is a sixty thousand years ago
that's why I'd read it I don't remember
exactly where I had the art and this is
near India yeah yeah somewhere in India
or near near India so Island um fucking
dude was trying to bring him to Jesus
and they said if you like the guy we'll
introduce you to him they filled that
motherfucker for Wow it's in the middle
of nowhere
oh that's fun that bitch is in the
middle of nowhere so they came off of
Africa that's crazy how the spreads like
see all that shit that's crazy
yeah you know what's interesting too in
England they call people from India
Asians they think of that as a teacher
but we got weird with oriental at some
point in time oriental became derogatory
some weird way yeah oriental was normal
you know rugs that was like yeah a thing
you'd go to oriental rugs yeah that's
like if someone was saying you know spic
toothpaste hey yeah hey motherfucker you
can't say that shit anymore but at one
point in time oriental was like a total
this is a real thing yeah it's part of
the language but so now we say Asian cuz
we try to be politically correct but
Asia's fucking Giants there's a lot of
different kinds of folks in Asia you
know what with those like the the people
that ended up on that island one dude
they yeah they how the fuck do you
you're running away from something to
end up well everybody's that's you know
if you read about the migration of
people from Africa spreading out that's
a big part of what they're doing is
trying to get away from people that are
trying to tell them yeah like it's all
either they've run out of resources
they're out of food or they're being
they're being forced out of areas like
new people come in
people escape and survive and did our
entire history as human beings it's like
bigger more powerful human beings moving
to an area and kill and rape and then
spread spread out and then keep going
and everybody else just keeps going and
they eventually fortify in the distance
and get a new city and they try to hold
them off and the new people are coming
through I mean there's so many instances
from the Mongols to the Romans meaning
go back and back and Matt all through
history but if you broke it down if you
looked at it like a math problem like
what's happening here here's what's
happening these groups people get
together and then they develop some shit
that kills other groups of people and
then they push into those groups of
people and try to fuck their checks
steal their money fuck their checks eat
their food and then they do the same
thing then and then people go back and
forth and and this is all people have
done like there's never been a time
where no one was at war like if you ever
gone through human history there's no
like well there was a period of a
hundred years where there was no wars
it's never happened yeah never and ever
happened you're the best guy to ask
about this isn't impressive how they
built those arrows right the
craftsmanship because they're proper
Erebus they look like these live
pictures of the arrows but apparently he
digest of the arrows hitting him so the
way I was thinking it was in order for
an arrow to be done properly right and
you could aim and then hit someone and
kill him it has to go through the whole
structure of the pelvis no it doesn't
have to I mean it especially the kid hit
him a bunch of times you know if they
hit him a bunch of times they get a shot
them in the gut even with shitty arrows
well I don't think they have shitty
arrows because they need them to survive
right so the guy there's got to be
island animals and they're hunting these
animals but it's not that hard for these
people and these kind of tribes to is if
they have the proper wood on the island
you know they they've been people have
been making bows and arrows for a long
time and they they'll use certain fibers
from certain trees and they weave them
together and make a bowstring and you
know if they have enough good wood and
they have good fiber and they have the
knowledge I mean even if they don't have
metal you could still to this day I
found one in Nevada I found an old I
don't know what era it's from but I
found a an arrowhead but I was actually
bow hunting I found an actual Arrowhead
from some Native American tribe that
they had left by and apparently they
were like really common like people find
them all the time
because you think of the thousands of
years that the indigenous people were
here and all the different animals they
shot with bows and arrows they figured
out how to do it yeah so these people
must know how to do it too and if they
have enough good stone to make you know
something Flint or something similar to
make the arrowheads or maybe they're
using something toxic maybe they have
some sort of toxic plant and they're
just dipping the tip of a sharpened tip
into it if you dip the tip in something
toxic don't can you eat that mean you
can't apparently but but not the area
near the other question it's a good
question I don't know but a lot of these
tribes that shoot things they shoot
things with poison on the end of their
arrows you know yeah well the idea is
that they just they want to eat it right
they don't if they don't hit it
perfectly they're not gonna wait for the
perfect shot they're just trying to hit
it so they can hit it in the ass or in
the neck or wherever the fuck they hit
it if they have poison that thing's
gonna die you know these poison for a
lot of weird shit too
they use poison to fish it's really
strange they take this poison the fish
yeah yeah it's crazy they take this
plant and they smash it up and they make
it's like this green plant things it was
that the Yanomami of some more maybe
Bolivia or something like that it's one
of those tribal peoples that lives
almost almost uncontacted but still some
conflict that what they'll have like
Under Armour t-shirts on and shit we got
it's weird but they you know the
barefoot and they take these plants and
I forget what the kind of planet is but
they smash this plant up and make like
this green pulp and then they put this
pulp in these ponds and these fish just
float it's some sort of toxin and it
just fucks these fish up and they just
float up to the top and then they go and
scoop the fish and take them out of
there but it like paralyzes them it's
not toxic to us I guess I don't know man
I mean maybe a little but I guess you
you have to be really fucking hungry to
think okay I'm not killing enough or
getting enough fruits or vegetables I'm
gonna poison these things and I'd rather
die being poisoned than starving to
death
well I think these people have been on
the edge of survival if they've figured
out survival down to
like everything in their area they know
what's edible they know what's dangerous
what to avoid what to cultivate what to
seek out they just you know they know
how to do it so if these people are on
our if it's a resource-rich island it
seems to be like an island the middle of
the ocean as long as they don't kill too
much as long as they keep a certain
healthy population of animals around
cognizant to that is this these people
it's the video I found on YouTube from
2008 or some fisherman or someone found
them and gives you those different
coconuts Wow
so these people apparently if you if you
follow the the story they came from
Africa sixty something thousand years
ago and I guess probably during the Ice
Age the coastline was very different
right the water levels were way lower
and then when the ice all melted the
oceans rose and then we get we got now
so maybe it was a much larger island or
maybe it was like the bering land mass
where you could get across it fuck i
know must speak a language that no one
else eat not even close to anything else
since it's been like so long fuck man
here's it combined with language throw
it here is combined with body language
to seem to have a link hmm so they were
like telling them to throw things and
they're giving them coconuts that's
pretty cool it's crazy how friendly they
are without knowing who the person is
and where they're from well I mean the
dudes giving them free food so I think
they're pumped yeah again a bunch of
free coconuts that's definitely a way to
come friends with people yeah that guy
if that guy had coconuts instead of a
Bible they probably threw Bibles like
fuck they try to eat the Bible they're
like motherfucker yeah look at that
imagine some guy just showing up and
giving you free food Wow can you see my
dish is that what is but is this video
some videos outrageous alright that's a
real translation yeah yeah a really such
as a wooden axe similar to a mountain ax
yeah that's a fucking crazy-looking
carried by all men so they yeah so they
might not even have like metal but seems
like if he's got a wooden axe I wonder
what what they're using for arrowheads
and stuff like that
this kind of stuff fucking interests me
Oh dudes fascinating man the thing is
it's what's weird about it is you can't
really go there like yeah you guys never
read or watch that um that movie about
the city of Z the lost city of Z is how
it was called it was about an explorer
from England who made way to South
America and eventually getting eaten by
cannibals allegedly they think but he
was looking for this Lost Mayan or Aztec
city was a Mayan city yeah so he was
looking for some you know apparently and
they've they know this for sure now
there's some really really really
ancient cities in the Amazon and they
don't know what they are they don't know
from when they don't know who built them
so they know from who they it's a
different culture well it's a culture
that's long gone and it's the the area
where they had the city has been
absorbed by the jungle so they they find
it I think either from satellites or
from some kind of imagery where they're
noticing these really obvious grid
patterns that indicate irrigation and
that they had fields and they had
streets and so this there's this English
explorer was the gentleman's name Harry
Fawcett yeah it's the books not bad
Percy Fawcett Percy Fawcett and so this
this dude went to the jungles of Brazil
multiple times looking for this lost
city of gold okay 1867 yeah
so he it was really it's a cool movie
but not it's not the best movie but it's
cool because it's like you get to see
the lost city of Z he found it before he
was killed no no he found something he
found so I don't want to spoil or at the
movie but it's um it's not a bad movie
what's interesting to me is that these
people you just got to put yourself in
the mind of people that lived in 1860
and they they literally had no idea what
the fuck was going on in South America
they just but someone would come back
and say author has a story of his
journeys down the jungle river and the
guy would stand up we met the
uncontacted tribe and they would talk
about I've brought back part pottery and
this is a spearhead and
and here's drawings of the the animals
that I saw is get drawings of crocodiles
and fucking a giant piranhas and shit
there must have been guys that made that
shit up though just like the difference
between a guy that actually had like
real pottery and just me getting my wife
hey make a ball well you know that
happened with the dinosaurs right the
people had pretended to have seen
dinosaurs like in Australia no no no
when when they first discovered that the
dinosaur was a thing some people started
faking it and they would come up with
fake dinosaurs to sort of like boost
their science cred okay so like
legitimate people or thought to be you
know the credibility the accountability
rather back then just was not what it is
today
like you don't I don't think the peer
review process was the sound and these
fucking people were maniacs out there
just try to pretend that they found
dinosaurs so they use like like a
fucking buffalo horn or some shit right
here I mean I was just digging randomly
even now though even it like if you
found bones from an elephant and and you
like said hey I dug this out in Vermont
people like people would be like that
came well what is that thing that's like
9 feet long for a little while and then
you know actual scientists will get a
hold of it I go oh well this is an
elephant bone you fucking idiot this is
yeah dinosaur but if we were in 1746
yeah what year was it when they did that
with the dinosaur thing I think that
yeah there was some sort of like a
battle like everybody's trying to
discover the latest and the greatest
they piece shit together it didn't
belong it was so there's some weird
wackiness but you know what's
fascinating to me is that something has
to die in like mud or it has to die and
it has to be at the bottom of the ocean
or a lake in silt something has to
happen to preserve those bones because
if it doesn't then you get nothing
that's why we don't we don't know
jack-shit about what like octopus look
like with octopi looked like 5 million
years ago 60 million years ago like like
the Kraken like that could have easily
been a real thing right a fucking super
enormous octopus it could eat whales cuz
there are some big fucking ones I've
seen some videos yeah but they don't
have
there's no bones you know they just die
in mud yeah I didn't die in something to
become fossilized now yeah is weird it
is when you're seeing that fossil do you
know that that's not really the bone
that is all the mineral that has
replaced the bone over like thousands
and millions of years or whatever it
takes yeah but something's fossilized
like if you see like a fossilized like
shark tooth and it's black that's it's
not the real color of the teeth it's the
color of all the minerals that have
replaced what the tooth used to be as it
remains compressed and all this sludge
and mud and shit over millions of years
it's pretty freaky shit it's like when
you see these dinosaur bones like their
fossilized a lot of them like a lot of
the bones that we find of dead things
they've become like a piece of rock so
it could look completely different
because I've heard people say that most
dinosaurs that we look at now that we
think about how they look they really
had feathers was a now thing I just
assume that the sound of Jurassic Park
is correct probably isn't what the fuck
they sounds like they might not have
made anything else here the great
dinosaur fossil hoax oh the new one
China has enjoyed an unprecedented gold
rush of feathered dinosaur fossils but
how many are real yeah there have been
some feathered fossils if you go to
there's a museum in Montana in Bozeman
in the museum is some sort of Science
Museum and they have one of those
raptors a Velociraptor with feathers
like a model of it like a life-size
Velociraptor like I got freaky demon
that my see first thing you ever want to
see before you die
I'm not I'm afraid of birds so imagine
how fuckin big bird like that I'd lose
my phone here it is here's the bone Wars
the great dinosaur rush a period of
intense and ruthlessly competitive
fossil hunting and discovery during the
Gilded Age of American history marked by
the heated rivalry between edwin drinker
cope drinker that's my middle name bro
of the Academy of Natural Sciences of
Philadelphia and Wow spell this guy's
name's auth and you off Neil what do you
say that is both Neil auth Neal Charles
Marsh of the Peabody Museum of
Natural History euro each of the two
paleontologists use underhanded methods
to outdo each other in the field
resulting resorting to bribery theft and
the destruction of bones each scientist
also sought to ruin his rivals
reputation and cut off its funding using
attacks in scientific publications so
this doesn't seem like these are the
people that were using fake stuff I was
on a Google a fake shit yeah this if
this was happening
they probably fix it yeah people are all
crazy man those guys like doing that you
can tell like at first that were real
scientists and then they became famous
they're like oh shit I like being famous
imagine if I enjoy being a famous
scientist and scholar but wasn't the
Chinese when what do you get now from
and also the Chinese don't I don't for
making counterfeit stuff so I don't
believe that article right they made
Paris if you go to China to Paris I was
in China I did a tour of China like two
years ago and there's one of the guys
booking me he told me his girlfriend
loved France and there's a neighborhood
in Shanghai that's exactly like France
so he brought her to France and then she
was like not that Chinese ones better
well because it's it's it's the exact
replica and they do that now in the era
Dainese one is better so the arab
emirates they redid the they redid I
think the the Sorbonne and the Louvre
like they redid buildings from France so
you're in the Arab Emirates and your
everything is exactly the same as it is
in France
that's so except it's all like Saudis
and and people from Kuwait
what's weird thing to do try to recreate
a historical building that's still exist
yeah yeah secretin something you I don't
know why people copy I think it's
because they like it's probably
complicated too because they're like
fuck we're gonna go to go to whatever
country is there gonna be food it's a
food gonna be halal is it gonna be
complicated to go the mosque fuck it
thanks to the mosque and will be good
there's enough oil money floating around
they can't build a whole world out in
the desert yeah yeah they could visit
New York City here we are New York's
have fake Manhattan fake Brooklyn Bridge
drivers there's such dicks like that
building the biggest building in the
world and Dubai when you go in in the
elevator they turn the lights off and it
becomes kind of like a ride and then it
starts going up and then it shows okay
we're at the level the the biggest
building in New York City like the
Empire State Building is here at like
whatever the 300 meters and then this is
the biggest building in Shanghai and
then they so they want to just show
look.we guts and it says in the elevator
in the elevator
Wow like they're like let you know bitch
yeah I saw oil money since they did like
the first time I was in Dubai the
biggest building was I don't know how
big but they built one in Dubai and then
the year after
Shanghai beat it by like three meters
and then Dubai I was like fuck you we're
gonna beat you by five hundred meters so
it's like it's a kilometer or almost a
like a like more than half a mile high
it's crazy high more than half a mile
high yeah that's sane and the city what
you say it that way like yeah and the
city in the 1970s
didn't really exist yeah so I was like
this is fucking insane like that their
national anthem could be the eye of the
tiger it's fucking like I was it's
insane how big it got so quickly but
they're all so fucking rich it's insane
Jamie what we you know say they as you
were saying that like it I don't know
why I definitions island or just a theme
park in Ohio and Cincinnati area there's
a Eiffel Tower there there's also one
somewhere else at another Park oh really
but it's an exact replica one-third
replicas oh I feel tower that's nice to
take the seven but all those rich Arab
countries would be like instead of
one-third this is big seven times vague
made of diamonds you can see you can see
this Eiffel Tower from the moon
gucchi everything
yeah it's weird people do that but you
know when you had that kind of money man
you like make me up France what else am
I gonna do
I want the countryside the whole thing
man yes you're like make it like now
you're podcasts we've gotten so big in
three years I want to hear Joe Rogan
belt Rome he's got a fake rub no oh
that's why I fortified compound
somewhere don't dump top mmm start
selling freeze-dried food preparing
everybody you know water purification
tablets get ready solar panels dishes
did you is your house okay yeah we're
gonna lucky okay we got lucky they did
someone said Google this that Malibu
lost 600 houses what yeah someone said
that the other day but everyone's
hysterical it's hard to know if they're
right or not how many houses got lost at
Malibu because I know a lot of people
that have lost houses I know at least
[Music]
eight people that have lost houses and
how is the evacuation cuz was it like
Airy like you you can just grab like one
one or two things I grabbed my laptop
1,500 structures 15 totally destroyed
Jesus Christ so the the number probably
keeps going up but those are a lot of
them our homes you know out of those
1,500 oh no how many of them our homes
but a lot of them are a lot of people
lost their homes it's a it's a crazy
thing that happens the wind gets behind
that fire and everything's dry and it
just goes straight to the water and
there's almost nothing they can do they
lost so many houses on Point Dume what
you would think how the fuck is a fire
gonna get to that like if you ever see
what Point Dume is it's like this
beautiful area of like very wealthy
people live in this this like cliff
overlooking the ocean I'm it's
spectacular and like you would never
think that a wildfire would get there
but it was raining fire man that's Point
Dume out there so so many of those
houses got cooked man and there's videos
that people made of them leaving there
rific yeah there's like fire raining
from the sky every way you look houses
on fire and this is a super exclusive
really rich area and no one could
protect it there was nothing they could
do the firefighters did their best they
saved as many structures as they can but
it was fucking raging man it was a rocks
throw from my house when we left we left
at two o'clock in the morning how was
day night the traffic because the
traffic is always crazy so when you
evacuate in the traffic's like that must
you must freak out well most areas would
happen to the people in Paradise
California they were evacuating and
something like sixty plus people died in
their cars yeah the fire just overcame
cars and there's nowhere to go and
they're stuck in gridlock and the fire
is literally coming at them ready for
this eighty football fields a minute
that's how fast it was traveling at some
at one point happen Athens over the
summer yeah yeah there's a town right
outside of Athens Greece yet wildfires
took over the town was wiped off in a
couple of minutes people died in their
cars and homes you couldn't get up they
were just traffic that's what happens in
paradise I think a lot of they've more
than a thousand people are missing
comparators
yeah they don't even know and the
problem is they'll never know like they
whatever was there is incinerated
there's nothing left like they won't be
able to get DNA they it's over I mean
it's the craziest fire they've ever
experienced I think it's the scariest
most destructive California wildfire
ever and that one the one down here was
nothing compared that one in Northern
California in comparison the size and
scope I mean that thing is fucking
insane there's fire there's a photo of
this one firefighter it's sort of iconic
photo he's standing on like a rock and
behind him the whole mountain is on fire
it's just like holy shit and people in
my friend Brendan Schaub was doing a
show in Sacramento in Sacramento out his
hotel room the whole street was filled
with smoke you could see shit he's like
dude smoke is everywhere and he sent me
a photo of the television that was
showing the air quality it was like very
poor air quality everywhere
all through that area is just all in red
so it was all like people were walking
around with masks on it would literally
be like you're walking through a fire
there's smoke everywhere nuts man and
this is in Sacramento yeah yeah
is it contained no sort of contained I
mean the one here is but I don't know
about the one that's up north but the
real issue is that can happen again
like that like they all they're all they
sparked up so quick and more hit what's
the plan that they could do to make sure
this doesn't happen something they can
do I don't know I don't know what they
can do
what is that Jamie the air quality in
San Francisco was so bad being there for
a day's like smoking 10 cigarettes fuck
look at that picture yeah that's all
fire smoke where people like wearing
masks I guess people are wearing masks
they're like yeah yeah Bert Kreischer
was walking on the street with a mask on
I texted whoa what the fuck are you
doing that thing's like dude it is so
bad it's so bad here he goes you you
can't believe how smoky the air is and
there's just all through San Francisco
everybody's coughing and wearing masks
and Sacramento looked even worse than
that okay that's the kind of shit you
never think about yeah yeah but that's
the thing it could just hit you look at
that that is San Francisco right now and
if you don't know San Francisco you
wouldn't know how shocking this is like
you you can't see the hills can't see
all those houses on the hills it's all
just smoke from the fire and yes like
for that shit to blow out it looks like
San Francisco's super like just fine
yeah yeah he is um that fire contained a
couple a couple days ago so it was at
57% contained and I was just trying to
Google more how about that only 57%
contained it airs a little clearer today
they're at moderate like severe whatever
but see the thing is man but these fires
all it needs is one gust of wind one new
storm one new you know Santa Ana winds
pick up some embers then whoosh this
whole state is just dry as fuck
yeah to 80% but 80% contains gonna rain
tomorrow nice
hopefully that does it's supposed to
rain tonight isn't it yeah no it slides
maybe so it's fucking like everyone
moved out here like from out east like
when you moved here you've been here for
20 yeah 20 years yeah you must have been
scared the first couple years of
earthquake but you never thought that
hey I might have to leave my house cuz
of fire dude I've been evacuated three
times because of cause of fire yeah yeah
how many how many major earthquakes
since you've been here none
one minor one it was enough to let you
know like whoa like when it happens and
the the the house seemed like a you ever
get a refrigerator and you take out that
cardboard box and you stand inside of it
as a kid push it back and forth that's
literally at the walls of my apartment
looked like oh he just started moving
like this like it was very different
than I thought I thought it would be
like shake like Rumble everything would
shake no it was just like this like dum
dum dum dum dum dum but it was so
nothing it was a nothing earthquake it
was like a 5.5 or some shit or 5.7 but
it was enough to where when the walls
moved you realize like whoa if a big one
happens this shit just falls apart like
this is man this thing ain't gonna make
it
how does it just fall apart the walls
just break
what floor were you on second floor that
much that that must like if you're on
the ground floor you go okay I can run
out the shit can't but she ends in your
hands you're trying to get it no but you
know how fucking stupid humans are we go
like nah I got this
I can I can run out the second floor I
think the opposite I think if I'm gonna
top floor I'll surf my way to the bottom
I'll land on all these fuckers dead he's
not gonna make it
yeah it was enough to just let me just
realize like you don't even know what an
earthquake is stupid like my idea of an
earthquake was like like a cartoon movie
like Oh weird an earthquake but a real
earthquake is just the earth shifting it
actually moves and apparently the people
that were here during the big one of
1993 was at 93 something like that the
earth moved almost like water like the
you could see the earth
just bucking and moving and you could
see like chunks of it like lifting up
and then settling down the people that
were there when you talk to them it's
like there's I mean it's not PTSD like
soldiers PTSD or like rape survivors or
anything but there's there's absolutely
some PTSD that comes from natural
disasters yes this trauma to seeing how
fucking meager you are in comparison to
the earth itself as the earth is moving
like fuck I got to get out of here and
then a mass exodus like a bunch of
people move to Colorado and people moved
all over the fucking place Corrado's
nice thought here run it's gorgeous yeah
I'm surprised that the now with the the
wildfires are people leaving California
or no I'm sure some are yeah the problem
is the weather's so good it's so nice
because it never rains
it never does anything you just you'd be
just a lazy bitch just do you never have
to deal with Mother Nature like where
you guys live yeah you're a Montreal
right yeah that's no joke nice they're
having a snowstorm right now yeah
it's that cold do you guys get up there
as ruthless I'm gonna be in Toronto in
December okay cool
I'm there for the UFC yeah I know it's
gonna be cold as fuck yeah December it's
gonna and plus this year's is generally
the winner starts later than now and
it's it's super cold you know what
happened at global warming man global
warming man that's the first thing like
those fucking hardcore righties want to
do yeah doesn't exist it's warming weird
where's your global warming like okay
that simple bitch it's burning the
fucking houses in Malibu yeah that's
what something is yeah
and that was really funny as the
chemtrail people they've been convinced
this whole time that the government's
trying to make it rain like if ever
there was time to utilize chemtrails
would it be now yeah you know fuck man
the whole thing is uh it's very
disconcerting because you realize how
fragile the whole system is and these
you know these people that work so hard
to save everybody they can only save so
much you know they can only save so many
buildings
you'll only save so many people it's a
real wake-up call man
shaky get ugly hey Joe this off topic
off topic of the fires but because uh
yesterday we're talking a red band at
the store and I didn't know that when
the whole Mencia thing happened you were
band the whole crew for like seven years
like a long time oh I talked about this
too many times
okay the only thing I wouldn't thought
was cuz you took a bullet for like the
seven years kinda like he took a bullet
for everyone else who's gonna have to
deal that shit but you didn't know at
the time yeah sorta looking back I was
just like fuck them yeah you could say
it was taking a bullet but and think of
it that way but um yeah it's the
subjects beaten down too much you know
we're going through it now that's why
ice on our end now we have the the
people who are making money by stealing
jokes you have that going on in France
it was not with a French comedy oh yeah
yeah it's not in in Canada but it's in
France and there there was a I own a
club in Montreal I banned a guy this
summer he's uh he had stolen a bunch of
material he there's a thing called the
Jamel comedy club that it's basically
like how even when you say comedy club
when you're saying something in French
first you have to see comedy club yeah
yeah yes sir okay because that's the way
you say that this guy he had stolen
pretty much everything from def Comedy
Jam and they did it there in France and
just didn't with French yeah and not
even with black dudes like if you're
gonna steal def Comedy Jam give it to
French black dudes like there are black
dudes and France but it was all these
Arab guys so whenever you see like for
ten years in France whenever you saw an
Arab comic they were all like like Dave
Chappelle so it was silly yeah there was
something very fucked up and this summer
that there was that the guy was in my
club and then I found out and I fucking
lost my mind I just I tweeted my door
guy and I was like get him the fuck out
everyone he's with you throw him out I
don't want him in the club it's
dangerous thing yeah
with comedy yeah you're trying to create
things and some a basically criminal can
Niq in the middle of an artist colony
and just start profiting off of your
work yeah and intimidating you and
making you work for them essentially
there's something that sucks that people
don't know and that's what you went
through with what when you called out
Carlos no one cares no one cares like
they do now they do see the thing is
about your situation up there is
different but the only reason they do
now because it looks good
but the if if you didn't like like like
banning Carlos now like Carlos Mencia
can't work anymore
that they it makes them look like we
respect comedians but they don't really
respect comedians I don't think who's
they and well you sound like your
conspiracy theory don't respect us man
nobody what whenever whenever I've
called out joke thieves to festivals or
networks they're like okay yeah yeah
we're gonna we're gonna do something
about this and then as soon as it blows
over they don't do anything about it
yeah well you're talking about festivals
right you know I think clubs would be
much more likely to ban people
especially if someone who they're
stealing from also works there that's
that's more likely to happen especially
if the you know when in best case
scenario the person who's getting stolen
from is already established and
successful so they could say something
about it the worst case scenario someone
who's established steals from open mike
earth which fucking does happen and you
know if there's anything that could get
someone to quit comedy that might be one
of them well you know there might be one
that might be especially in the
beginning having like only good jokes
stolen by a person who does it on
television and then you have to watch it
on Comedy Central a couple days later
you're like what and you remember that
that guy had been in the back of the
room a couple weeks ago and watched your
act and yet you're like what like you
can't even believe it there's a comic
and France named Goodell male who's he's
in New York now and he's he works a lot
in English he did he has these rumors
and I'm gonna say allegedly because I
don't want to he
I know that he's taken a couple at first
he took a couple bits from American
comics then he got caught so he started
stealing from out french-canadian comics
and the last thing I heard he did was he
had this contest for open mic errs and
he was like my next comedy tour
send me your three best minutes on tape
and the best comic I'm gonna book to
open for me and then he started stealing
from those open my kurz which is a
that's such a garbage move it's a wacky
that's a yeah well a good person yeah I
don't like that's what I heard I'm not
sure it's true but I saw him do his show
once in in France and he was a like he's
a rich dude he's got his own private
plane and yeah he's got his own private
plane he was he was married to the
Princess of Monaco so he's got a lot of
money and he was he doing he was doing a
bit about like he's just so calm he was
doing a bit about how he can't afford
Erica an air conditioner in his
apartment and I was like motherfucker
you have a kid with the Princess of
Monaco I can afford like multiple air
conditioners fuck you well you know it's
not good you think that the people care
like yeah people do care some people
care here's the thing the problem is
saying they don't get it sounds like and
all white people are racist yeah it's
it's you can't say it yeah like I know
the whole thing in France a lot the new
generation of French French comics are
really angry about this and there's a
guy there's this YouTube channel that
you talked about here when you had I
think it was a Tom papa
that was on it's called coffee comic and
they take like bits that they'll take a
bit from a comic from here and then they
just to show that what's going on with
someone's friends yeah just to educate
the people yes yeah
I've talked to quite a few comics from
countries that are bilingual they'd say
this you know that is Montreal was very
bilingual yeah in fact almost
everybody speaks French right yeah yeah
and also everybody speaks English yeah
yeah it's like probably one of the most
bilingual places and definitely in
Canada but there's nothing like that in
America there's no place like that North
American oh yeah even thinking North
American terms United States like
there's no place it's kind of
universally speaks Spanish and English
yeah you know it's like some people
speak English some people speak Spanish
but very few people I mean you can't
this the numbers it's never up like
Montreal like probably probably 80%
speak both languages right yeah that's
crazy yeah it's a beautiful city man
it's amazing but your fucking freedom of
speech laws are dog shit yes fuck they
don't exist
well that's you're gonna create shitty
art when you have that you know the way
that you punish someone who you think is
doing something awful with their speech
as long as they're not calling for
someone to be murdered or something
right the way you do it is you don't go
to their show you say I don't want to
support you and then that's it you don't
find them if enough people don't like
you and you have a message of hate and
won't come out you won't make money
you're gonna stop doing it that no
that's how you kill that I definitely
don't think you should have a message of
hate yeah but I don't think that certain
people should be able to decide what's
hateful yeah because they keep pushing
that boundary the same way they push all
the other boundaries they push the
boundaries of what what what is what's
the definition of prejudice what's the
definition of entitlement what's the
definitional you are you always coming
from a place of privilege so are you
always entitled are you always racist do
you mean you know like they they have
those they have they do this with
corporations and there's no evidence
that it works at all they do unconscious
bias like counseling whether they sit
down with their employees and they
talked to them about perhaps this
unconscious racism they might have and
so that everybody's like fuck of my
raises and they go huh that's so shitty
so crazy yeah but what's crazy about it
is that all it is is like they needed a
response to a perceived situation which
I'm sure as a situation in many many
places don't I'm not trying to minimize
that but they needed a response so their
response to something totally
unscientific not
bored but at least they can say they're
doing something they have you know
racism bias training and they have these
people sit down and they talk to you
about like this is what you do you know
if a person of color walks in this is
like you know everybody's like shit I
don't want to be racist but I don't
think it works man and I don't think
it's a it's not the weight the racism
sucks and the way to stop racism is be a
good person yeah
like the more good people we have
they'll inspire more good people we will
all realize that racism is fucking
stupid and we should treat people as
individuals always whether it's by
gender and sexual preferences origin of
your your ancestors I don't care I mean
I care in terms of like sexual
preference I care in terms of like
whether I think you're attractive or not
I care in terms of like whether I decide
you know the - you know there's some
people that want to hang out with really
loud people there's some people that
want to hang out with people that are
like more demure or some people that are
more introspective everybody likes
different shit you're allowed to like
different shit but you're not allowed to
discriminate against someone and keep
them from occupation or keep them from
please to live and if we all thought
that way and just treated people on the
merits of their own individual
personality and character we'd have a
way better world I think we could all
agree to that as soon as you get in
these groups of all white people or all
Asians are all like fucking come on man
that's too small that's such a gross
generalization it's too small of a
common denominator it's too weird the
what what you are like how much of what
you are is where the fuck you're from
and shit you can't control it how much
melanin you have in your skin
that's ridiculous what you are is all
the things you've experienced and all
the life you've lived and all the
lessons you've learned where you are at
this moment you know and if I like you
at thirty I might not have liked you
when you're 18 you might have been
fucking annoying yeah but I mean you
want in your 30 and I'm like hey you're
cool you know and everything's great
yeah and that should be okay too it's
like we have to distinguish between
people just being not interested in
talking to any one individual and what
is wrong
with with gross generalizations and then
tribal ideas are like sticking to only
people of European ethnicity and these
are the good folks of European descent
like you're fucking crazy
civilizations been down that road stupid
you can't do that shit again you can't
do it for Asians either
you can't do it for black people you
can't do it for anything you can't say
everybody's great in this group because
it's nonsense it's so simplistic it's
not just simplistic it's dangerous and
it also makes people scared to say
anything about it I don't want you
thinking that I hate the thing I like
like the thing I like about not
censoring hate speech is if you let
hateful people say their hateful things
you know where the dangerous people are
yeah so if you're censoring like you
can't use this or you can't say this you
can't say that you don't know who the
fucking weirdos are that hate black
people they hate gay people that hate
the trans the because everyone's acting
exactly the same like everything's cool
and then when they're with their friends
or whoever the people that they think
like them
then they're spewing all their fucking
hate and shit and garbage but whenever
people can't express themselves freely
there's going to be some sort of
suppression and if there's some sort of
suppression there's a resentment that's
oppression and then there's just like
this anxiety and this tension you know
it's like when but it's essentially what
we're saying is when you think about
people in business meetings how they're
forced to communicate how there's forced
to dress how they're forced to
communicate they go into this very
professional building all the women are
dressed professional all the men are
dressed professional they all get
together in these conference tables and
everyone is agreeing even though these
are sexual beings who may be like
cocaine you know and they've been a
fucking you know this they've been to
music festivals and they've maybe been
to Burning Man and but they're contained
that contained in this room and they're
talking about statistics they talking
about probabilities and then someone
brings up diversity yes diversity all
very important and everyone is behaving
and this super weird world where you
can't you can't move outside the box
even remotely it
if you move outside the box even a
little if you say you know about the guy
from Netflix I got fired because he used
the n-word in a descriptive he was he
was talking about Tom Segura special
where Tom Segura was talked about
changes in language I was talking about
some words you can't say anymore
he says like you can't say retarded he
says this just because he said that just
because he said that people were getting
angry at him and protesting and groups
were trying to boycott Netflix I
remember you right so this guy I don't
remember his name but he was one of the
bigwigs at Netflix and he said he was
like it's like saying the word nigger to
an african-american person that's what
it's like to say retarded to a family
where someone has someone who's down
since so he was defending he was talking
about how offensive that word is to
people so I was like this is the issue
that we're dealing with so you just
talked about it in a very matter-of-fact
way they report him for saying the word
and he gets fired and apparently he did
this twice that's what I've read in the
same context yes the same exact contract
so he's repeating this thought it's he's
basically having we're doing an
intellectual exercise like is this is it
the same to you and he's saying it
around african-american people but in
saying it around african-american people
just the fact that he said the word
uttered it like abracadabra just saying
it was enough for him to lose his very
high-profile job at Netflix was
apparently well-liked and it really do
you think do you think we're becoming
like this because our lives are too easy
that like if we had to struggle to get
food and and protect our families we
wouldn't be worried about this word or
that word or my feelings 100% yeah I
think we're we're seeking out
altercations when we cuz I think we're
programmed for a certain amount of
interaction with people that's
unpleasant we're certain we were
programmed for a certain amount of
competition whether it's verbal or
physical we're programmed for it I think
it's what got us to 2018 in terms of the
crazy history of the human species is it
marched across the world
just imagine leave in Africa
I mean fucking what do you got animal
skins on your feet and you walking out
like what who are the fuck were those
people and what kind of people did they
encounter that's our ancestors yeah you
know our ancestors have just been
dealing with bullshit forever and when
there's no bullshit there's some
bullshit over there there's 78 different
gender pronouns motherfucker and the
reason why you don't think so is cuz
you're a cisgendered white privilege
piece of shit and all white people are
racist and then you start tweeting up a
storm does if you go to those people's
pages one of the things that I've I'll
find a person who says like preposterous
shit and if I'm not blocked by them from
some gigantic auto blocker which
sometimes they do these block everybody
but if someone I'm not blocked by them I
will bookmark them so instead of like
following them so they know I'm found I
would just bookmark them so I'll just go
back so I have a file my computer called
crazy motherfuckers and I will go to
this crazy motherfuckers page and I'll
see them go through these manic
depressive States and freak out about
the world and then every now and then
something will get tossed in there about
relationships you know I mean yeah
because I know I know it is it is harder
for someone of color like a black or
Arab or you know Asian Brown some people
around some people yeah but saying white
privilege like there are a lot of white
homeless men and whenever I see a white
homeless dude I always want to give
money and go wipe white privilege dude
there's no doubt there's an advantage in
this current climate and world to being
white the problem is the white people
are not guilty of doing anything just
because they're privileged so instead of
calling it white privilege but we need
to concentrate on is the people that are
racist that's the only real problem yeah
only problem is racist people and even
though why people get discriminated
against less the problem was saying
things like black people can't be racist
because racism is a power thing and
white people are power people that's
it's a it's a fucking intellectual
forest they know it is when they're
saying it and it's just one thing they
just repeat and you're supposed to
accept it and it's a part of what we
were talking about earlier where there's
a game that's going on and the game is I
want you to say the 78 different gender
pronouns I want you to say that I want
you to do that I want you to refer to me
as that I want you to refer to me as
this I want you to do what I
want you to do it once you stop using
certain language I want you to start
saying certain things because that means
I win
yeah that's counterproductive because
you're not teaching anyone how stupid it
is to just discriminate based on race
all you're doing is blocking out that
being honest I think that it doesn't
even work anyway I think what really
works is leading by example I think
that's the only thing that works what I
think we learn from as we learn from
people better than us you see someone
who's amazing and she's super smart and
she's really kind to people her god damn
it I gotta be more like her
yeah I think that's where we're missing
that aspect of it that the chastising
see this is the problem with what goes
on with the left in particular the
brutal mean assaults on people these
Twitter gangs and Facebook gangs they
target someone and attack them you are
not changing anything and in fact you
are going to get people who see this
horrible shit and they're gonna go fuck
those people I'm going that way and they
go the other way and you recruit people
to be on the right and this is literally
how Donald Trump became president one of
the one of the major factors as people
were noticing a trend and the trend was
towards these crybaby preposterous
liberals that call it everything is
racist everything is sexist everything
is homophobic everything and everything
falls into this blanket of transgression
where there's no innocent and everyone's
guilty and then when they find they run
out of targets they go after each other
for not being aggressive enough they
start calling each other out then find
jealousy in the movement that's
something that really makes me happy
that when I see people that have been
calling people out for years and then
they get called that I'm like fucking
finally well you know I've seen it
happen you know I've seen it I've seen
it happen with with people I've seen
I've seen them become like Jaime kill
Steen is a friend of mine and Jaime kill
Steen was at one point in his life this
really progressive activist guy who is
like everything he said had to be like
super male feminists and super trans
positive and I mean he was like trying
so hard to be exciting but but he's
super honest about it too he's done a
podcast about it and you know he'd call
people out really mean and really
vicious and then he realized he's
getting all this anxiety from any
check his Twitter all day he like to be
walking the street just couldn't stop
like checking his Twitter see with her
replies where he was really he was
caught in this weird fucking hate spiral
you know even though he was purporting
like he was acting on the premise that
he was a good person he was gonna call
out all these bad people but he was like
addicted to this weirdness and then it
turned on him it turned on him like some
girls accused him of being creepy and it
was a really super minor like trying to
go on dates with people I think just but
that was enough that all you need is
like one in that world every in that
world everyone is so hyper progressive
and looking for any sort of deviation
from the pattern they can attack yeah
and they just decided that this guy even
though it he had been like this model
Ally for for male you know as a male
feminist and for people of of color and
we stood for everything that they wanted
but he's a piece of garbage because he's
heterosexual yeah you know and you know
apparently he lik work with this girl or
something like that but what it whatever
it was I mean it was the most minor of
transgressions it was a rape no touching
none no meanness no it's like and so
after all this is done he came out of
the other end and then he just came
clean about like how he felt while I was
doing it why I did it was a great very
brave that he did that but it gives you
insight to a lot of like what is one of
the problems of this unnavigable media
is that it's very compelling to engage
constantly and consistently with people
in this this really anxiety-ridden wave
of animosity that's gonna run back and
forth between the two of you for no
reason that's the time for almost no
reason was free the nipple a big thing
here there was more in New York in New
York like a lot of gals were they
decided they were gonna protest that men
could be topless but they can't be a
topless and they passed that right I I
had a friend that she was telling me and
we had this conversation and she was
like no but like a female female breasts
aren't sexual so I should be allowed to
show him and I was like look you know
that I know that my penis doesn't know
that I'm sorry if I see tits my dick is
gonna get hard I'm sorry
it's not like I'm Irish
- but if if you fucking pull your tits
out my dick is gonna get hard yes we
only get the work we do we do for you
we're animals but you know it's also
that we're just not used to seeing tits
yeah
if tits were out all the time they would
eventually get used to it the problem is
changing gear look at those people in
the fucking done island dad dev weird
tits they need nice West Coast to West
Coast yeah I don't know man I I think
they should be able to do it though they
want to walk around topless but the
problem is there's too many dickheads
you're running into a river of dickheads
you're gonna try it go upstream through
that with your tits hanging out that's
fucking true
go to a bar if you want to go to a bar
topless like look that is chaos yeah
yeah let's go to the rails yeah you
definitely should be able to do it but I
don't think you should yeah if you are
my friend like I say if in an ideal
world she should be able to yes yeah you
should definitely be able to but do I
think you should do it no no don't do
that people gonna try to suck them the
interim it's like it's if someone's
gonna touch your tits it's it's so rare
you have to be in like the perfect bar
in Asheville North Carolina you can be
there from 10:00 to 2:00 and nobody'll
touch your tits like one place someone's
gonna touch your tits people are gross
like even even when girls ariana grande
sang at Aretha Franklin's funeral even
that preacher tried to touch her - yeah
it wasn't a camera he was gonna grip
yeah so imagine if she had freed the
nipple fuckin crazy I would have gotten
he woulda got her pregnant yeah but
there's there's no argument and saying
they shouldn't do that like right it
shouldn't be a law yeah this is almost
like I mean you can make parallels to
compelled speech cuz I don't think that
you should be naked and just walk down
the street if you're a girl
but you should be allowed yeah I don't
think you should if you're my friend
because I would say listen you're gonna
get harassed it's it's is way more
likely that you'll get raped yeah I
would think I mean I'd like to know what
the student want to do a study but I
would like to know what the statistic I
mean I would not like just that we make
make these people get raped like just
walk around try four of our subjects got
raped yeah you don't why don't want to
do that study but I think if you live in
a tribe like that uncontacted tribe
outside of India they probably super
accustomed to seeing people naked and
it's they probably act normal
it's probably not that big a deal we're
weird you know it's like what's in the
box man what's in the box and we would
cover everything up but that size are
all covered up or feet are covered up
member remember when we were young like
I'd see just a Sears catalog a woman in
a bra and I might jerk off and now yeah
like it desensitizes you start watching
porn then you're like oh fuck if someone
yeah mascara running it's not gagging
there isn't at least one murder in this
how can I get hard yeah watch an action
movie nobody dies in a bitch ass movie
is this but we are weirdos and everybody
has their own weird quirk you know and I
think a lot of times we don't admit it
or we Ori then you see someone who's an
extreme and you're like oh fuck at least
I'm out that like we have an intern for
our podcast and he's heart of gold right
but he has a crippling addiction of
prostitutes and he's just a weird guy
like when you meet him he's just a
fucking over-the-top weird I was
crippling because he can't afford it
he's a weird but he's just a bad judge
of character yeah so he picks all
hookers that'll steal money from here he
got robbed the other day we've been here
for two days he was robbed in pepper
spray bro on this motherfucker you get
that party rolling
yeah that's what you do you blur out
faces and watch what's his name Poseidon
Poseidon gets his ass kicked the
documentary gonna be your version of the
naked woman walking around trying to
knock it right yeah and the way he told
the story like he was like he talked to
this woman and we were like but that's
not a real picture you're in the shit
you're gonna get she's gonna steal she's
gonna steal all your shit he was like no
no I
she's real I think she's real we're like
she's not real and then she came over to
the house when we were doing a spot at
the at the store and now she she told
them it's 300 he gave her 300 then he
tried to touch her and she was like no
no it's 300 just to me we need more
money and then they went out to like an
ATM he got more money gave her the money
she brought the she went back to the the
apartment and then he pulled the dick
and she was like now what we're not
having sex I said and then he was like
what and then she she ran away and
pepper sprayed her like she ran and he
was still naked so he said I tried to
chase her but she was fast even the
heels and there's two flights of stairs
and he slipped on the last ones cuz he
has his boxer short and as soon as he
stood up from the slip she sprayed him
in the face she ran out he ran three
floors up to get dressed and then he
went out looking for her but he's not
gonna find her and he shows up at the
store belligerent and was he naked when
she pepper sprayed him yeah yeah well
from what he told us his boxers were
stuck on his foot when he told us a
story we were like I get I get why she
pepper sprayed you because you're like
he's a like he's a big dude and Poseidon
is like fucking like three hundred
pounds six five and she's chasing her
she's got a guy that's like 350 pounds
with the rock-hard dick going so he
definitely said that and we were worried
because the the Airbnb the the owner
lives right behind and she's very nosy
she's a nosy bitch she keeps looking at
what we're doing so what the fuck she's
hearing this and she said be quiet no
glitter in the house like weird rules
later and I think we broke every
environmental person yeah saying he
shouldn't use glitter anymore it gets to
the fish oh is that why she said motion
cuz we didn't know why it was I was like
what no glitter I said like who asked
that like why I was like you watch you
let her off glitter goes into the drain
but glitter eventually gets into the
water
why would like I told her we're gonna be
three dudes renting the apartment why
would we bring winter or maybe this this
is LA no man you were going on before
about you not it's impossible for you to
be a gay guy you definitely could
if you would like a gay burlesque but
even if I was a gay guy like I wouldn't
I wouldn't be a gay glitter guy I don't
think would bro you think yeah man high
heels you nuts glitter you'd go hard
yeah you'd have like some old-timey
clothes on too like a Charlie Chaplin
gay guy
you look like shock Holmes yeah man
old-timey Charles Charlie Chaplin gay
stuff you know how hard it must have
been in those days to be gay like coming
out of the closet now it's still hard in
small towns but it's already even in big
cities man
depends on you depends on your parents
you know yeah but man Charlie Chaplin
days
imagine fuck but there's probably a lot
of game chant going on like I don't
think there's any difference in the
number
I bet the numbers probably sound like
this it's exactly the same I'm sure yeah
cuz even now people are saying now
they're more they're more trans in the
world there but there are more that are
getting operations but in the old days
it was the same thing
I'm sure mmm yeah I bet the numbers
consistent probably the percentage it's
probably more numbers now because it's
more people you know there were probably
a bunch of gay dudes from the 50s there
were actually trans women but just
because that you couldn't get mmm you
know you couldn't change anything so you
just suck dick you know in private or
whatever this is science yeah so you
guys are on compound media it's called
its contra to drink minimum we do shows
do you have two drinks in every show
what more than this yeah you always have
to drink minimum yeah and and we do I've
done a one drink show no but we do we do
one shots which are we do free episodes
like just on iTunes once a week there 30
minutes show and then on Fridays we do
the two-hour show on compound media and
it's just awesome how meteors which is
an anthony KU mia's yeah thing and
anthony he's so fucking funny he's a
genius yeah he most people know him from
Wildman - so close bein Anthony if
you're wasn't open Anthony it wasn't for
open anthony podcast wouldn't exist like
the format podcasting yeah every like
and now they're really good podcast but
the first couple years of podcast like
the two thousand six seven whatever most
podcasts sounded like shitty versions of
Opie and Anthony and now like like there
was ones that we're trying to do like an
hour-long interview style podcast it was
more like you know some NPR type da or
something like that and then we started
doing them where there would be like a
lot of comics just hanging around
hanging out and when we started doing
those which was like 2009 ish that was
clearly influenced by Opie and Anthony
and also influenced even more so by
Anthony ku Mia's internet show that he's
doing this compound show yeah yeah
because I watched that and this is one
of the big things that hit me because I
realized I could do it because he just
set it up in his basement I mean he had
some money and he decided to make a
green screen and he got these like
professional cameras and I thought about
it while I was watching the most like
why don't I do that I'm like why am I
not doing that like he's got this whole
setup in his basement and then there was
just one time where he was drunk doing
karaoke with a machine gun
so he's got a machine gun a sink and
he's doing karaoke and and I remember
thinking like this crazy motherfucker I
need to I need to do a show now I need
to cuz like you know I'm saying this
would be a lot of fun and I always
enjoyed doing radio shows when I did
them I mean I would do them like I would
do Opie and Anthony even if I didn't
have like tickets to sell like even if
it was all sold out yeah I would still
show up and go hang out with those guys
because felt like a comics table like it
was exactly hanging out just freaking
balls hey like this yeah I mean like
we're doing right now and that's that's
how it happen you know I'm doing it with
those guys and watching Anthony do it on
his own and becoming friends with Jimmy
you know and then seeing how it's fun to
just hang out with comics and you did
you did Anthony show a couple weeks yeah
couple weeks ago but it has an area I
don't think I'm holding on to it to next
week when he's
he's actually gonna be here his new
sidekick Dave Landau is fuckin insanely
funny yeah he was really really really
funny
easy comic yeah he's a comic from
Detroit who now lives in in New York and
I didn't know him and like every all of
the Opie and Anthony fans were like fuck
oh why doesn't he have Jimmy why doesn't
he have Jimmy why doesn't he have why
doesn't why doesn't own ain't get back
together but Dave Landau and Grantha nee
you go okay this works this is a really
good show yeah he's super nice guy to
first mark dude and their setup is great
you know the green behind him just turns
it into whatever the fuck he wants it to
be and he's got a little stadium seating
so yeah all the weird of something fun
though about when his show like the
first couple of times I did his show
when it was in the basement of his house
there's something I like about doing
those shows when you're you're you go
into someone's house like I did steven
crowder show like a month ago and there
was something cool about going in the
suburbs of Dallas in his garage to do
his she's supposed to say where he lives
man the guy's hiding no but yeah but
jealous bitch I'm sorry steven crowder
dies is my father was getting blamed
yeah yeah no I know yeah yeah that's
true but remember he did that thing that
Bob Ross paints Mohammed yeah yeah - but
that took balls yeah you know I mean
it's literally something that they're
allowed to kill you if you do and he did
that allowed yeah I mean it's strange
time I mean this is also a time where
that criticizing that criticizing
anything that's Islamic is very
dangerous because people call you
Islamophobic and because people want to
kill you we got two different things
going on at the same time but those same
people will have no problem mocking
Christians I know yeah yeah I'm not even
like I'm not a right-wing guy I consider
myself a little more to the left but
there's something I like about
right-wing media especially like the
funny type of right-wing media that they
take fucking crazy risks
you mean like ooh Mia
like ooh Mia like Crowder like Steven
Crowder's really funny text like Gavin
McInnes I think is fucking hilarious
Gavin's in the crossfire right now he's
the Eye of Sauron is upon him he's said
too much tupid shit about like inciting
violence and now that there's some
article saying that the FBI considers
him that the proud boys are hain't group
but then qu Mia sent me something that
he sent him and I'll sent it to you
he's saying it's bullshit the first time
I heard about the proud boys I was doing
Gavin show New York I know he was with
Dante narrow which is a black comic in
New York and he was like hey uh me and
him are in the proud boys and I was like
boy let's explain what it what it
actually is there's a joke at first it
was like we don't jerk off so that we'll
want to fuck our wives and then like
four months later I was like oh yeah I'm
against quit the proud boys today
well you know oh is it today I thought
he'd quit that years ago though this
just got posted I think maybe Jamie I'm
sending you an article to where he's
realizing at how dramatic it is yeah he
connected with these people and you know
look it's one of those fucking things
you want to have a group you can't
control everyone in the group so yeah a
buddy in the group that does something
horrible I just sent you something
pull this up this is Gavin's response to
all this cuz so many people got mad at
me that I had Gavin on in the first
place first of all I had Gavin on
because he used to be one of the
founders advice also because I had Gavin
on before that and he was fun to hang
out with then when I had him on did he
become with when I had him on the last
time one of the things that he was
talking about was the proud boys I don't
even know what the fuck that was I think
maybe I had heard of it but I thought it
was a joke turned out he used to be a
joke it started off as a joke on
compound media and Anthony will get into
it better he knows the history of it but
they were making fun of something and
they decided to make a fake mock group
crawled the proud boys now the problem
with this is when you have a group
that's supposed to be fighting and Tifa
and I actually tried to express this to
him when he was on the show because he
was talking about kicking people's ass
we're gonna punch him in the face I'm
telling them to punch people in the face
I'm like okay that's not how reality
works like I don't know if you have been
punched in the face
or if you've been around people that
like to punch people in the face but you
don't just punch someone in the face
what happens is you punch them in the
face they come back with a bat somebody
gets a knife people get guns it always
escalates it's gonna keep going you
don't just get away with punching people
in the face you know and yeah it's not
good that these antique apeople bring by
clocks and smack people the heads with
them and that's kind of the point in
that in the first place those people
don't understand what happens when you
start the chain of violence when you
start that domino chain they don't
understand what happens they think that
they live it in some fucking book that
they love about some revolutionary
liberal character that you know reaches
out and and and smashes all these
oppressors of social justice that's not
reality in reality you just hit a guy
with a lock who's talking to you you
assaulted them with a deadly weapon and
the next thing you know they're gonna
kill you are they gonna beat you they're
gonna punch you so when a guy like Gavin
says something like you should punch
them in the face I understand why he
said that because they were inciting
violence these these nt4 people would
hit people with things that were in
masks they some of them some of them
were doing it non-violently some of them
just wanted what they thought was the
right things to happen but like all
groups you get a fucking big group you
can't control everybody in the nude and
that happened with the proud boys too I
think I think he decided to have this
thing that was gonna you know mockingly
oppose and Tifa then it became real and
then it became violence and this this is
this is just one of the problems that
people have when there's a fucking group
of people opposed to another group of
people and you know him quitting the
proud boys is definitely smart but I
don't think it's gonna help because now
people are there's they're saying he's a
white supremacist and what the
perception that people have of you is
almost important almost as important
what as what you actually do it's
probably even more important almost yeah
because if not for you and not for me
not for people that are gonna actually
read into it but for people on the
outside the perception of who you are is
is there's too many things to learn okay
he's a racist oh fuck that racist that's
all people hear that's all they say and
then they keep moving meanwhile you got
a guy who's Gavin who first of all he's
not even American he's Canadian second
of all he's married to a Native American
woman
he is not a racist he says he's a
provocateur a hunter sent unquestionably
he says ridiculous shit cuz he thinks
it's funny but he's in a very bad
situation it's almost a troll or like
yes I didn't even think like I know him
I'd like we're not good good friends but
I like him a lot and I'm pretty sure
he's not even right-wing like I think
he's just fucking yeah he's definitely
fucking with people and he definitely
has some right-wing ideas but more than
that he doesn't like some of the
ridiculous aspects of the left so it's
more in its again like he's a more
opposed to some of the more preposterous
notions over left then he is really
right yeah but he's right on some things
to a right-wing on some things but look
he came onto the show dressed like
fucking Michael Douglas from falling
down as a goof he brought us real taste
and everything we're a tie and the white
short sleeve button-up shirt he did it
as a goof like that's him he said he's a
weird guy and it's funny
he says funny shit but he but in this
when you here's there's two different
ways you can go through life right he
could pretend put on an act or you'd be
yourself what he's chosen to do is a
little bit of both he's chosen to
pretend a little bit but also be himself
so it's hard for people to know where
the line is yeah that's fun that's fun
if you're getting away with it it's not
fun when it turns on you yeah and then
you go no that part I was joking around
about people like says who like who's
right who's wrong like it it gets it
gets real slippery when people don't
actually know who you are where you
stand
yeah and I think he was Joe he thought
it was fun to fuck with people a little
bit on with certain things and in this
climate man that can be fucking
dangerous
yeah he's Andy Kaufman of 2018 no he's
not he's different thing he's Gavin
McInnes
you know and I really I'm sad that all
this shit is going down and I hope it
passes over and and people get to
understand me is not perfect person but
no one is but what he is is an
interesting guy who's weird says funny
shit didn't he take a shit on the air
once on his show he stuck his finger up
his ass and shit he's done some ways
he's not a bad guy he's a maniac
yeah there's something weird right now
going on like in 2018 that the left
hates a right the right hates the left
and we're all exactly the same or you
know the difference between it's what
you said it yes stupidly in the group
just yeah the whole group I'm gonna hate
exactly like it worst comment in honor
the worst common denominator the worst
actors in any group define that group so
whether it's you know people that are on
the right Lou there's a lot of people
who are on the right who are fiscally
conservative but they're socially
liberal yeah and they just know they
just don't think that you should spend
money like crazy they believe in
discipline and they believe and you know
having intelligent financial planning
you know there's there's that as well as
people who are socially democratic and
you know the Socialists that think you
spend all the rich people's money on all
those other things it's just as many
people there's like there's a way
broader spectrum but you have to pick a
side I think most of us are like ninety
percent in the middle and then there's
the five five on each side to that like
you're like no I'm more left-leaning and
then you see like extreme laughs and
you're like let that fuck's wrong with
these people okay I'm more right then
you see the fucking weirdos on the right
you're like what that fuck like that
there's there's something very scary on
both sides yeah and when you see that
scary thing you want to pose that thing
so you become what it's the OP you know
you become a left-wing person you decide
well we've got to stop Trump no matter
what whatever is never Trump I mean
there was a lot of that going on I think
the only reason why I went more to the
right side is because of the free speech
thing cuz I think pretty much everything
I'm more left-leaning except the free
speech thing that I'm more right leaning
it's insane and that shouldn't be a
right or left thing well it's insane to
me that's the left that's having a
problem with free speech that's what's
insane to me
because I always thought the left was
all about free expression and
intelligent education and it used to be
yeah it also used to be more about
peaceful behavior like the hippies in
the you know the 70s where everything
really changed in the 60s which really
did launch a revolution and changed a
lot of America during the 60s and the
70s a lot of it inspired
psychedelic drugs right all those people
man were nonviolent that was a big part
of that whole movement was all love you
know and the hippies movement of today
is not the same it's like a feeble small
subset of the overall aggressive liberal
group you know that thinks that you know
they've got to stomp out sexism and
racism and transphobia and all these
things and like this is like really
aggressive front running you know the
ones who want to change policy and
change culture and change society so
when you get an teeth involved and you
get people screaming in people's faces
and people going to lectures and
blocking lectures and you know and
threatening violence and like wow this
is a very different kind of vibe than
what changed the world
yes sixties in the seven I used to have
a bit about how the best way to deal
with hate is with love and that that's I
truly believe that if someone like what
and I try to do that like it was weird
when I was going through my weird face
but now whenever people say I fucking
hate you because you did this you did
this I try to understand why they hate
me too and I generally do understand
like I'm not a fucking idiot so I know
okay yeah I'm a guy that made fun of a
disabled boy I get I get how you can
hate that but then I try I try to you
know instead of going fuck you I'm
allowed doing this I I show him respect
I show him love and then after like
three minutes they're always like I know
yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry if I told you
you shouldn't do that no you shouldn't
it's so easy to change people's minds
just by listening and people thumb like
no it's it's also you know you probably
like these people don't know you
they're just engaging with you to get a
reaction on all people one it's not just
some people or what is some people but
most people if you're one-on-one in real
life on the internet on Facebook on
Twitter it's it's really hard to change
how people think but if you talk to
people and you realize okay this guy's
not a monster and this guy's not an
asshole and that because whenever Porto
wanted realize like if if if you some
guy that doesn't like you on the
internet that goes a Joe Rogan's a
fucking asshole
if if you met him he wouldn't say that
and and if he did think you were an
asshole he'd explain this is what I
think and then you talk to him and he'd
be like Joe Rogan's a great guy
listen there's definitely a limited
amount that you could get through when
you're expressing yourself on Twitter on
Instagram or something yeah and people
like to get reactions out of people so
they want to get Mike Ward's goat
they're gonna fuck with you and say mean
shit to you and they're doing it because
they want to get a reaction and some of
them don't even think of you as a person
no and they also think of you as an easy
target because you did something mean
and because you're a guy in the public
eye and you're a professional comedian
and maybe they hate their job and like
fuck this guy and why is he living his
dream when I have to do this shitty job
yeah yeah yeah that's a lot of it so I
won it's a shitty it's a shitty but B
you don't really because there's like
though the whole the whole interaction
sucks like he's wrong you're wrong
everybody's wrong though the whole thing
is stupid and interacting with people
like that going back and forth with them
I've done it before it's stupid to do
but it's just a complete waste of energy
did you get a lot of shit your last
special well no shit no that's fuck one
article from vegans but the misquoted
really yeah because I said they totally
took me out of context cuz it you're
vegan because because what they said he
calls vegans dip shits that's not what I
said what I said was that the majority
of vegans I think are good people who
are just trying to live their lives
without something dying
they just made this moral choice and
then I say and those people pay for it
with their health they're always sick
the fucking I'm thinkin if I do you look
like ya know I know the other joke the
other part of the truth the other part
of the joke was he used to like them
joke was in the rest of the people that
are vegan they're really only vegan cuz
Scientology didn't find him first I go
there fucking dip shits they they could
have you know they would have joined the
Taliban if they took the wrong exit it's
just so he took out he calls vegans dip
shits no no yes it's not what I said
yeah but that's the title of the fucking
article that's the only thing
you know what your specialty sure this
other thing thing about vegans I spent
like four hours looking at pictures of
people that have vegan cats that was it
like went like I don't eat meat or I
don't eat meat products but my dogs and
my cats do cuz like why am I gonna
decide like I I feel guilty if I eat
steak but my fuckin dog doesn't care and
my dog if I left my dog out of the house
without me
he'd fucking kill everything so why am I
gonna be like no no young man you're
gonna eat carrots and dogs can be vegan
without sighing China but cats can die
like in a month and a half yeah that's
why I wrote that yeah yeah and but I
didn't even know that people were that
stupid that they they made their cats
vegan and then just looking at the
pictures there's something weird that
like I think all vegetarians of vegans
if you look at animal cruelty
you're always sad but when I was looking
at vegan cats it made me laugh I was
like what the fuck it's so stupid
because it's such a fucking glaringly
ridiculous proposition you decide that a
cat is no longer a carnivore they all
looked like Freddie Mercury the last
month of his life I don't know what
Freddie Mercury last month it was like
Google a vegan cat I'll need to see yeah
you need to see that on his deathbed
don't you see it I get it yeah damn you
made me feel like shit good joke and I
was like oh I'm a bad person I thought
maybe there was a real photo go around
yeah there probably is though I bet
there is what yeah it's some I don't
know man if you if you can explain your
comedy well today you can still get away
with a lot but you just have to you have
to take a lot of time to craft your bits
yeah and you got to think about what
you're saying and how other people not
just whether or not it works sometimes
things work but you're saying things
like oh I got away with the same exact
thought and I would have been I've been
in more people's brains it would've
gotten smoother I did a I heard a thing
I loved nor McDonald look Norman
Donald's my favorite
comic of all time and he when I was
going through my thing I saw a thing
about him that he said that when he was
doing Weekend Update he'd done a joke
about someone that had just died and
then he got an email from the the
people's family about her it was before
email so I guess he got a letter of
facts or whatever about the how they
felt about that joke and he was like
that made me realize that oh shit when I
make fun of someone there's an actual
person behind that joke there's and that
what it's weird that my whole court
thing like like when I was this was
before I went to court I read norms
thing and I was like fuck I never got
that because I was doing jokes about
this this kid that was famous so in my
mind it was like making fun of Justin
Bieber was like making fun of whoever
whoever but that then I realized oh fuck
there's there's someone behind you know
someone that feels what you're saying is
exactly what people experience when they
hate on you online yeah it's exactly the
same thing they don't think of you as
being a person that's the same way you
don't think of Justin Bieber as being a
person exactly it's the same thing
exactly yeah we're all guilty of it I
think I mean I hope ultimately we were
getting get past this I think a lot of
what's happening with this is that this
has only been around for like 20 years
this internet way of communicating with
each other and only been around the way
it is really the way it is now for like
less than 10 yeah you know and I think
that we don't know what we're doing with
it yet we don't know how to do it yet
and we fuck it up and I think to like
for comedy for a while when I was going
through my thing everyone was telling me
they're like do you think this is the
death of like dark humor and and I don't
think it is but I think we're gonna just
be smarter but no you got to get the
fuck out of Canada bro to where
but also I mean this is what everybody
always says this is the end this is the
end of this I mean there's one of the
things that I've read about the Nannette
special this is the end of comedy right
like this she was gonna kill comics
she's never gonna be the end there but
it's so silly like why would someone not
want to laugh it doesn't mean it's not a
good piece of art why would someone not
want to laugh yeah and there was another
weird thing that she got interviewed and
she said that she was gonna retire
unless louis c.k comes back and he come
in he comes back she realize oh she's at
work is not done yet oh god all right
flat out that's a real quote but she
might have been tongue-in-cheek and she
even said here's the thing right you
like you you say things turn again I do
yeah she might have very well she's
kidding
and we didn't get it she might have been
joking around like they might been
laughs and she might have been done I
guess my work is not done you know but
then you see it for yeah in two
dimensions and who knows I got a I think
I was angry at her because she didn't
she said she didn't know who Norman
Donald was so I was like fuck you you
know who Norm Macdonald Ian tin the
comedy I mean she's not from around here
like even though those people in that
country that left Africa the worse they
can know who don't norms definitely a
genius I miss the best I can't get he
was supposed to be on the podcast and
someone put the kibosh on him talking to
people anymore
she mentioned Louisa Kagan and possibly
that he might mount a comeback I don't
want to stop him she said it's worth
just to see if he does have an audience
course he will there was 18 seconds left
the interview tape it didn't expect to
take a turn miss Gadsby of course had
other ideas if he does have an audience
then I won't be quitting stand-up miss
Gatsby said quote me on that
if louis c.k finds his audience i will
definitely not quit stand-up because my
work here is not done okay but then also
could you could say okay say I said that
with a cheeky smile she added and left
the table oh so she was she was fucking
around why does the New York Times still
use tape to record I don't know but I
like that she said that say that I said
it with a cheeky smile so it was a
little joke yes we suspected she was
tongue-in-cheek like literally she's
saying cheeky smile so that's exactly
what tongue-in-cheek
is the same thing yeah so good for her
yeah
man she'd do anything wrong so stealing
who cares anything transcribed not only
that her act all of it like the the
animosity the fucking tension who cares
I heard so unnecessary I have a couple
of friends cuz there there are a lot of
Canadian comics and I'm gonna buy saved
by saying that I mean against her that's
what I mean I don't mean like her
animosity towards anybody else
Canadian comics generally they used to
come here to the states but like ten
years ago they start going to England or
Australia and I know a lot of Canadian
comics that knew her and they were like
she used to be really funny and I think
it was just this show there was like a
more serious show so maybe in the
interviews she's just fucking around
contending like she doesn't know no one
could be this is what she wants to do
now - you know just because you were
really funny for a long time I mean I
think that is something that the fuck is
her name someone is doing that now - she
just did something where she did an
interview about that
god dammit the fuck is her name I got
woken up real early this morning I'm
super foggy my kid climbed into bed this
morning at 5 a.m. go back to see and she
was she's a constant she's a regular in
the Howard Stern Show she used to be
really big she lost a lot of weight got
her stomach stapled very funny
so he's she called it scholarship the
queen of mean oh she used to do the
rowing
so Lisa Lampanelli is not doing stand-up
anymore yeah yeah she's because she's
tired of hurting people's feelings and
she's gonna tell stories now yeah no but
she loved him kind of she heard her talk
about her she said yeah so she she'd
changed what she does which is fine like
you should be allowed to change what you
do yeah yeah like you always make me
feel bad and from my reaction because my
reaction to that was like fuck and then
what you said it's so right that was
like fuck all my my reactions are always
welcome to instant about it you got it
you have a brain
if you gotta know who the real enemies
are otherwise you're waste all your
venom on the fake ones you don't want
they want to save your venom for the
real so that everybody else you can make
like this you could make peace with it
you don't need this there she is
BAM storyteller so she calling her what
does it say shrink that shit down so I
could read her heading should get down
storyteller yeah there is workshop
leader inspiration to millions oh well
he got a little crazy there I think
she's just gone crazy yeah she's lost
her fucking mind or she's enjoying
herself yeah you know free expression
she's got a lot of fans yeah she's not
for anyone she's happy Hansen it's right
a hoodie yeah I don't want to hear that
she looks very different it's strange
it's called pills son with the
pharmaceutical on man good for her yeah
good sir show like and a storyteller
show it's it's probably really I don't
think it's gonna be that different to
what she used to do cousin you know
people evolve people change and that's
normal like there's nothing sadder than
seeing a comic you saw 20 years ago and
then you see him again this year and
it's the same fucking shit so it's good
that she of the same act it's really sad
that's really sad yeah healer guy from
like the 90s around and they literally
haven't written a joke
yeah there's those guys are real why we
see them yes guys are scary there was
some movies last night the Jen Rose
battle before there was a Jeremiah
Watkins did a thing about 80's comic
that it was the best yeah it was so
funny
his thing on the internet that when you
did a kill Tony that he's a funny dude
yeah I did his show last night that
stand up on the spot okay oh it's yeah
it's his show yeah he used to call it
Thunder pussy for a little while I don't
know why I think that was Brian I think
Brian decided to call it thunder pussy
voted on name I believe democracy is a
better name I should stick with that
name
that's what thunder pussies were way
better name stand up on the spot you're
so literal okay you know but the problem
with thunderpussy is people might not
know what it is but they should why
don't they know
figure it out Thunder yeah Thunder
pussies the way to do it
yeah Jeremiah listen to me Jeremiah
Thunder pussy yeah he should bring thyn
thunderpussy back yeah what is up stand
along the spot Brandin son
how about call it stand-up comedy right
on the spot no no stand up on the spot a
stand-up comedy right on the spot right
now
that's name of the title no thunderpussy
BAM yeah we're done here right but he
did do a good impression
we know guys like that who these comics
did not even hate it's just I don't want
to call them comics it's just been the
same thing for 20 years and they're open
mic restore 20 years almost right and
they'll go around doing maybe an opening
spot somewhere and it's the same act so
they'll have references in there of
stores that don't exist anymore yeah
it's so weird when you watch them do it
you're like what am I see this is a
train wreck is this sadness we get
person at those in like in smaller
markets like Montreal is a fairly small
market on the other side because if
there's so many French people and even
like the end there's no money to be made
in Canada so there are a lot of fucking
hacks and yeah comics in my name in
Montreal is the comedy work still around
yeah it burnt down like a couple months
ago fucking amazing Club that was that
wasn't down yeah that would happen it
was suspicious apparently I don't know
the details yeah but from what I
understand they're gonna rebuild the
building they're gonna break its legs
Jimbo fucking took off Jimbo
he he he sold it his mom died and then
he sold it or he just closed it down he
had he yeah he closed it down then
someone reopened it a few months later
under the same name a couple of people
that bought it that'll of the club and
they reopened it up until when it burnt
down Ian do you remember Ian the he was
a bartender dancer
Ian got a partner he opened it up and
Jimbo Jimbo was such a good guy fucking
love Jimbo but he closed that club like
a fucking piece of garbage he didn't
tell anyone he didn't tell his staff he
just fucking they showed up one night
and they were like okay oh the club
fucking everything's taken out of the
club he just left
Wow yeah I must be drunk yeah cuz you
you used to I remember the first time I
saw you was there yeah all the time
what and you were like and this wasn't
like in fucking like 19
84 or whatever I'm sorry going back that
late but uh like you were you were you
were doing like big big big big big
fucking rooms but you were there just to
do a show for you know for the clubs I
worked for Jimbo forever so I come back
and work for free I did did we get for
him for free once I just said just pay
for my hotel I girl let's just have some
fun I just I always loved being he's
just he was such a great guy I'm sure
sure he's alive if he hears this yes but
he's a great guy and I just enjoyed
being around him and I was he struggled
it was a small room and what didn't have
that many seats and he had two floors he
a nice little bar downstairs with a pool
table then upstairs yeah real intimate
room this is a great place and to me it
was if that place helped me it was in
the time when I started doing it was
right when my career went from being
like middle act who was kind of going on
the road and doing these weird little
gigs to becoming a headliner and getting
on television okay all that happened a
lot of it happened while I knew him and
during that time and so I've taken quite
a few trips up to Montreal for the
Comedy Festival to work at Jimbo's place
and to go back and forth and do a bunch
of gigs up there it just was a it was an
important spot for me you know like like
Jimbo was one of those guys that he had
a real eye for like he he booked
everyone before they were famous yeah
and this is for people listening this
like a 85 maybe 90 seat room like it's
super small yeah probably maybe habeus
200 yeah dumped him in there but
remember I saw Richard Jeni there dude
yeah
did you ever see Jenni there I saw Chris
Rock there I saw a Ray Romano there I
saw Chris Rock there as well I saw
Richard Jeni once just level that place
it was during the time where I was I
might have been like four years in the
comedy I was I was pretty new in the
comedy and I was up there were you doing
the festival you're just there I was
doing the festival okay yeah maybe I 80
and maybe five years maybe was five
years in a comedy and
Richard Jeni was a monster man he he is
the one guy that I just repeat this over
and over again cuz I don't think people
appreciate how fucking funny he was cuz
he was he was kind of an odd guy who
just it was a hard to find like a
category where you fit it in but he was
so fucking funny and he just lit that
place on fire I remember leaving his set
going god dammit why am i doing I was
terrible yes but I absorbed something
from it oh and one thing was that that
guy exhausted subjects like he would
take a premise and exhaust that premise
and smash it to the point where when he
was on like this third wave of
observation and punchlines you were just
like bah you were as in awe of the fact
that he was continuing to beat down the
subject as you were the writing in the
punch lines it was also like like the
mastery his ability just master a
premise and just dump just just dominate
all the vert and take you off-guard
catch you off-guard but you also agreed
while he was saying it he was a wizard
man it means just sweet tight jokes man
he was so goddamn good that's how I am
with Ralphie May like when I remember
Ralphie I've never seen anyone get
laughs like Ralphie got like he I get a
series of shows with him like a year or
two before he died and the walls felt
like they were fucking shaking mmm like
I could an egg I don't like I was
hosting this show and he was he was
closing it and he wasn't supposed to
close at first but then he was like it
was going to good they they had to make
him cum I was closing before though it
was I forget who was there was uh I
forget who was America know this was in
Montreal and the the nasty show at Just
for Laughs I forget if it was Jimmy Carr
or it was Brad Williams one or the other
but they and whoever was weather was
Brad or Jimmy said the first night there
were like he should fucking close like
he's gotta close and every night I go in
the room
just to feel the energy of that room and
since I'm from like a like I've been
living in Montreal for 20 years I know
that fucking room I've seen like Marilyn
Manson in that room I know it's a
metropolis so like I've been in that
room
yeah I didn't know room and that and it
felt like the fucking walls were shaking
it felt like the way when you were
describing the earthquake that's how
fucking Ralphie Fowler seen Diaz kill
bears in Joey Diaz kill I've never I've
never been seen Joey life oh dude how
long you in town for uh we're leaving
tomorrow
Wow if Joey goes up tonight at the store
I don't know if he's up there's night
that's a life-changing thing he's the
funniest guy I've ever seen yeah I've
never seen anybody kill harder than Joey
Diaz never I gotta get you have to see
it okay
if you think I mean Ralph is a funny guy
Joey Diaz is a force of nature
it's a different thing and this is not
taking anything away from Ralphie wrong
shit on Ralphie I'll fuck you up Joey
Joey Joey Diaz a different thing man
he'll he'll make you just go whoa look
okay that's comedy to shit I fucking
love listening Joey like I've never met
him but I love listening to him he
sounds like he sounds like him like
that's what I loved about him when I met
him the first time I was like you sound
like like a like an old gangster
like you sound like I I love guys that
sound like they should be in Goodfellas
yeah he definitely sounds like that
yeah well he's he's like legitimately
seen more life and more chaos than
probably any random thousand people yeah
he says do stories man he brings up new
I've known the guy forever and I have
him on the podcast you know every few
months and he has a new story I'm like
how the fuck is this possible man and
he's not a liar people who make show up
though Dory's no he doesn't I've met
people they verify the stories he just
lived a fucking insane life you know and
you can tell when people make up their
salaries fuck yeah he's not a
bullshitter
yeah no no he's not hilarious though
it's um you know it's beautiful job man
we get lucky get to meet some really
fascinating people we do yeah so when
did you guys start doing this show on
compound media
we started doing it about a year ago and
we started doing the free show about
four months ago because we like we want
to get people to listen to the compound
media how does compound media work cuz
compound media you need to be a
subscriber to the whole to the whole
network much does it cost it costs 895
895 them on us and yet how many shows
you get Anthony ku Mia show Monday to
Thursday you get in hot water
that's an amazing show it's a Arenberg
Gino biscotti four days a week you get
about like 30 or 40 shows yeah there's
quite a few shows I met one of the hosts
she was on Johanna yeah it was yeah she
was on morning with Bill Schulz Joanna
she's she's the only female host that we
have on yeah this is his new book yet
there's something amazing about Anthony
come--as like he like in the old days
with Opie and Anthony he was like he
helped out a bunch of young comics and
he's trying to I think he's that that's
kind of what he's doing with compound
media and I'm calling myself a young
comic even though like young 45 and I'm
gonna die in four months but well you
mean people that are unestablished yeah
yeah thanks people that are and he said
he started doing things like like I'm
still based out of Montreal and we were
the only show that all the shows they do
him in his studio in Manhattan and then
he he asked me do you want to do this
and I didn't want to move to like I got
my wife I got my life in Montreal I
liked Montreal right so I was like now
I'm gonna Montreal but then he was like
you if you do the show you can do it
from Montreal and plus I how'd you do it
how do you have it set up he we have a
studio in a know like Park X which is a
neighborhood with where he's from don't
tell people where you are bro ya know so
he's a but he has a studio and we do
this show every week and it's it's a lot
of fun
yeah cool so you just do they download
it you send it uploaded tuition we send
it to them
it doesn't stream live no we weren't the
only show that isn't live and we we
never pretended less advantaged that and
do like weird splices where you go back
in time and change clothes don't say a
word about isn't happening here just
change your t-shirt cuz I just like cams
and gentleman just shows a hundred
percent line that should be your joke
call you should call your show a hundred
percent live I think the thing that
people like because what all of our fans
are like old ona fans and I think what
people like is our show is like not
political at all and that like a lot of
the stuff on compound media is is is
political and like people that like
Polly even people that like political
see after a while they're like okay I
get it I get it
Hillary's a cunt supposed to compete he
is like very right-wing right yeah
there's no is there any left-wing like
we know in the background yeah we should
get a we should get it like a trans
third Mike yeah well we've whole trans
show yeah
no okay we've know it but it's not as
right-wing as people think it is well
you know Anthony's right-wing but he's
intelligent he's got sensible arguments
and whether you agree with him or not
you know I'm not necessarily right-wing
at all and I like talking to him and
he's super funny that's one thing that
people it's almost like in 2018 people
have forgotten like what and I see this
on the right to like people on the Left
will shit on Anthony are people on the
right I'll shit on like like comics and
I'll be like that's funny that's funny
like even if that's not how you think
that's funny right like Sarah Silverman
a lot of people on the right shit on
Sarah soem Sarah Silverman is fucking
funny she's hilarious very very real in
common yeah but you know what man they
only did what they're shitting on is
only her political opinions it's just
it's a nonsense war to get into you know
what do you want everybody to think the
way you think you know it's it's and
again it goes back to what we're talking
about earlier people just get on these
teams they want to hate everybody's on
the other team and she's on team left so
fuck that bitch and that's what happens
probably though why we got to the top of
the food chain and we we group together
and collaboration yeah and then we just
okay well it's us versus them so we're
gonna win yeah 100% yeah
William von Hippel guy was on my show
last week wrote a book called the social
leap yeah I listened to that episode
yeah the book is essentially all about
how human beings really succeeded by
figuring out once we were some sort of
weird primate thing that was close to us
by banding together and working in
cooperation and that performing teams
and loyalty to the teams always rewarded
I mean this is what you're seeing in
politics you see in social circles even
when you know with like these crazy and
Tifa people and and and and proud boys
it's all the same thing it's just tribal
behavior you're seeing tribal behavior
on the right from the proud boys tribal
behavior on the left from antifa
and everybody else is the enemy and they
lash out and you know most of it is just
completely misguided most of all the
aggression and the violence and the hate
is so stupid and so misguided and
counterproductive and even though they
think because in the moment it's such an
impulsive childish thing to do to lash
out and hit someone with a bike lock or
punch someone's sucker punch them but
you all you're doing is feeding this
fucking machine it's never gonna run out
of fuel it's just gonna keep chewing up
our culture it's gonna just keep going
it's you're not gonna end it you know
and I'm gonna if you start punching
people
it keeps get you're feeding the beast
yeah they're gonna punch back they're
not gonna just gonna punch back when
they're gonna kill you there's a thing I
used to do a lot of shows for like I'm
uh I'm um the people that like me are
generally men like most of my fans are
more men than women so I used to
whenever I do corporate gigs the only
corporate gigs I'd ever do were shows
for military police officers or the
Hells Angels and now and every time and
the thing I realized is when you talk to
a group of cops or you talk to a group
of Hells Angels they're the same fucking
guys they're the same guys because they
got the same exact fucking mentality
they're third group they're guys that
are like okay it's us versus them we
do this I read Braille we're doing this
we're doing this we're going in there
yeah and only difference is you can call
the cops and they'll come help you can
help me well your motorcycle take care
your problem I got into this thing about
15 years ago
back home I did a joke about I did a
joke on one of the Gala's for the
festival and a reporter talked shit
about me and it was a joke all my jokes
are about little kids so it was now but
it was a joke I dented joke that I'd
mentioned the little girl that got
kidnapped in my joke and and but the
joke is good yeah I'm gonna give up
comedy I fucking went out Joe Rogan to
give up comedy sorry I should commit
suicide tell me the hilarious joke about
the little girl victim it about the
little girl but it was about and the
joke is gonna suck now because when you
have to explain a joke but it was a
because I owed money did the government
the IRS the Canadian IRS and they seized
all my accounts and I had this little
story and uh they and I was the the
punchline was like they're fucking crazy
if you owe them eight dollars they're
gonna kidnap your kids they're the one
that they're the ones that have blah
blah blah name the little girl and I got
it got a nice laugh and then it ended
ended my set with uh I got a standing
ovation and Ogawa got good reviews
everything was good then like three
weeks later this reporter guy writes an
article about how the audience was
shocked and offended and I was like they
were shocked and offended I got a
standing ovation and they were shocked
and offended and then there was this a
french-canadian guy that's like a like a
Larry King type guy he started his show
he was like mike Ward made fun of this
little girl let's call her grandfather
to see what he thinks about that joke so
he called the grandfather during the
show during the show he didn't tell the
guy whose
so he was like hey do you know Mike Ward
and the guy was like yeah he made fun of
your granddaughter and this girl fucking
got kidnapped like he was like what what
do you think about that he was like well
that's not cool
yeah no I'm not isn't cool and then
people's shit lost her and then people
were calling go like a fucking asshole
what a piece of garbage and then people
you've got an issue people lost I'd like
make them fun a little kids yeah so
people lost their fucking minds and then
people were sending like messages to my
manager that they knew where I live they
were gonna murder me and then I look
outside the house and my manager calls
me he's like there are people that are
gonna kill you and I was like they're
not gonna kill me I look at it's on my
house
I see fucking people lined up outside my
house I'm like fuck I'm gonna get
murdered but like I was looking at them
and they weren't attacking the house
they were just like in front of my house
looking at my house and I was I'm not a
brave dude like I can't like like I'm
not fucking you like I don't know how to
fight so but I was like I'm just gonna
go talk to them to see what the what the
fuck's up so I went out and then they
acted like they were just regular guys
just hanging out outside my house I was
what the fuck and then I found out like
two or three years ago that I had done a
couple shows for Hells Angels and the
Hells Angels had parked they told their
dudes like mike Ward they're people that
want to kill Mike Ward so so watch the
people to want to kill Mike Ward so that
there were the Hells Angels like on my
house is is like in the middle of the
street people the other side the street
and on each corner there were Hells
Angels watching the people and I was
like fuck the Hells Angels protected me
it's yeah wacky yeah a lot of Hells
Angels are probably good guys there
they're like you're saying they're
probably the same as the guys are the
cops if you like and this is the same
with mafia guys if you don't owe them
money well they're good guys he's here
with the message that like they're all
like like whenever whenever I meet
anyone like in the Mafia or whatever I'm
like that doesn't seem like he's in the
Mafia is a good guy but I don't own like
$19,000
right right yeah well I'm sure a lot of
organized crime and a lot of organized
business
they probably behave pretty similar yeah
because it's things they can get away
with and things that they can't yeah you
Kiki if you just go around go around
breaking legs and killing kill you yeah
and they'll kill your kids god damn it's
a goddamn business goddamn business
alright gents let's wrap this bitch up
in this forever but when do you think
this thing's gonna get resolved uh with
the thing that's weird like when I went
to court this have fucking stupid I am I
thought it'd be like Oh Jay that at the
end of my my trial
they'd be like K stand up and we go we
vote for you but in Canada they we get
the the verdict like four or six or
eight months later so I'm going back to
court
early January and then I'll probably get
the verdict in a year or two like it's
really like I'm gonna be 97 by the time
I get them much money is this costing
you so far it's gonna cost me like like
I said Bruce from like it's gonna cost
probably two hundred thousand two
hundred them and this is the thing I
want to start I'm gonna spade off twenty
I got a paid off what I could have paid
off ten ten if I wanted to but here's
the thing what I want to do I was really
lucky that an I'm a guy that always sees
a glass half-full but uh I was lucky
that I had the money to pay this because
if I was a guy like there was three or
four years into comedy and someone like
sent me a letter to say hey you were a
eighty I would have fucking either
committed suicide quit comedy and wonder
for years in the comedy you probably be
more inclined to say something
inappropriate because you think it was
funny yeah be shocking Yeah right like
you get rewarded especially when you do
open mic nights and you're just starting
out you get rewarded in taking chances
that aren't necessarily funny but
they're shocking yeah you're risky
yeah because it might be the best
reaction of your set it's not might not
even be necessarily good but that's the
best reaction of your set because
frankly your set is mostly dogshit yeah
right when you're two or three years in
right yeah so imagine that gets on the
internet so
year old comic it's barely get off stage
legs under him droppin bombs yeah
just saying something stupid that you
think you're gonna be funny yeah
I wanna I want to start a thing though I
haven't started yet cuz I was gone
through depressed and I've been talking
about this for years but now since I'm
not in my depression I'm gonna start a
fund for whoever the next guy or next
girl next woman is gonna go broke son
they're gonna be his girl not his storm
of them but I think cuz cuz like like I
was lucky I think of myself as lucky for
real cuz like I don't have a lot of
money but I had enough money to defend
myself and I didn't even have to go like
fuck it in any way a raise your profile
to help you it would have helped me if I
didn't spend all my days in the bathtub
crying drinking wine mmm like like if I
if I had used this I could have I could
have I don't know if I would have become
like super famous but I could have used
this but I was like I didn't want to use
this I didn't want to be I didn't want
to be the guy that made fun of disabled
children too late I know
yeah I get it man I mean I think that's
a real noble idea too to start off fun
for the next guy and especially because
Canada has such a wonky system yeah it's
just Canada you're you're basically
connected we're all together we you guys
are right here basically Vermont with as
you are 11 Human Rights Commission's
because there's the Canadian Human
Rights Commission and every Canadian
province has their Human Rights
Commission and there in the world there
are 12 Human Rights Commission's so
there's the one at The Hague that they
go after evil like more criminals and
shit and then there are 11 in Canada
that go after open mic errs and Jordan
Peterson they go after me I think this
is we can make comparisons to what
they're doing with free speech to what
we deemed to be the real issues with
controlling free speech on the Internet
I think there's real similarities yeah I
think having these human rights councils
committees people getting together and
decide and they don't want to come off
callous or ruthless or you know and so
they can decide well that's gone
- fun this is wrong you shouldn't be
able to say that that is the number one
problem with controlling free speech
yeah like you should be able to say
whatever you want and then if people
don't like you then they don't watch you
or they don't go see you and you let the
free market decide it's not about you
know we're not talking about inciting
hate or saying you should go kill people
one of the things that a lot of people
had a problem with with Gavin was Gavin
was actually saying punch them hit yeah
that's fucking crazy cuz he's not used
to being punched and hit yeah that's
what it is people that are around
violence a lot don't just willy-nilly
advocate violence you know and yeah I
think he realizes that's probably why he
stepped down from this whole thing now
because he realizes like it's probably
hard to see how you're perceived when
you're in that fucking polarizing a
position as he is that he just was at
one point in time the guy was one of the
cofounders of ice it's really kind of
weird interesting provocateur guys very
smart yeah I enjoy talking to him to
this guy who's like all right and you
know the leader of a hate group like
what that shit sticks to you man yeah I
mean that shit sticks to you like Krazy
Glue yeah I'm always gonna do but I
think what we're saying earlier so that
perceptions some sometimes almost as
important as a reality and in your case
may prove to be it's a war off right
yeah like now I'm people forgotten and
people seek the thing that like I said
when we were starting out the podcast
the thing that kind of pissed me off is
like in America I like that and in
Quebec which is French Canada they saw
me as a guy that that would I do jokes
but I'm offensive I'm a fucking dirty
comic and I do what I do and I think I'd
do a well hope you enjoy that kind of
comedy and they do same where they
enjoyed gangsta rap same where they
enjoy and violent movies I'm not like
some shitty like fucking open mic are
doing rape jokes that that don't work if
I do rape jokes my rape jokes fucking
murder my up jokes kill like I've won
like fuckin like 15 local wards yeah
every rifle with rape joke of the year
more than my weight but people people
like a lot of the media instead of going
there's something weird about the
government because the government
judging my case is exactly like judging
a movie it's like like saying fucking
why are they driving so fast and fast in
the Furious why there's good point they
forgot that what I do even if you don't
like what I do is art yeah and you you
might not think stand up is art but it
is it's a fucking expression and I were
talking about this earlier that it just
seems too much like you're just talking
cuz cuz and here's the thing whenever
you see a comic that that's good it
looks easy and when it looks easy it
looks like they just it's off the top of
their head and that's what they think
and that's a thing I think of Jim
Jeffries had said this that he said
there are things that I think and
they're what I soundstage are things
that I think are funny and that's what
we do on stage like it's not a chant
that was me too
those are my okay that special is
exactly same that was probably you
alright so Jim Jefferies though it was
but it's everybody says that he had a
fucking good bet about vegan cancer when
can people watch your show they can see
it I'm on Amazon Prime in the US and UK
the stand-up show yeah it's called it's
called it's called mike Ward infamous
and my the first 15 minutes are above my
court case it's a really good special
I'm super happy with this special it's
the exact opposite of Nanette so Amazon
Prime is on prime and a lot of stand-up
right it's like the retarded version of
Netflix mm-hmm we'll let you say
retarded yeah they like on the phone
right now what are you saying so in
three weeks I'm gonna be I'm gonna be on
Hulu no any loose very liberal they have
Handmaid's Tale you're fucked yeah if
not we were we're a Friday Friday at
four to six on compound media doesn't
Gavin still have a show on like CRT TV
or some shit RTC our TV yet what does I
still hasn't I
think he still has it I already talked
to Gavin in like over a year like and
the last time he wrote me he wrote a
funny
lekha I thought it was he wrote this
weird fucking thing that I could tell
that he was drunk and I was like no way
he wrote me like a 4:00 in the morning
some fucking random thing and I was like
I'm happy to see you're drinking again
and then he wrote something stop
drinking for a while he had stopped
drinking for a while and then he wrote
something at like almost insulting me
and I wrote hahaha and then he wrote ah
you're too hard - you're too hard to
piss off I'm gonna write someone else so
he was just he was unpleasantly since my
name's Ward like I was probably like at
the end of the list so he had to call
some guy named Semenko or so he's going
through all of his different fucking
contacts 9000 contacts and that's funny
yeah alright gentlemen thank you germs
thanks for being here man fight thank
you and Canada get your goddamn shit
together when it comes to freedom of
expression this is nonsense you silly
goose geese you should be the most
amazing country other than that so nice
up there it is get your fucking free
speech in line bitch alright bye
everybody
[Applause]
[Music]